5f41074b789f8581884cfae5afe40c44
Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", {
  value: true
});
exports.default = void 0;
function cov_16mpjondqo() {
  var path = "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C1\\scenarios\\socialPolicyDebate.js";
  var hash = "d26087228966daebdd3facffad91d02e2fc98bd2";
  var global = new Function("return this")();
  var gcv = "__coverage__";
  var coverageData = {
    path: "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C1\\scenarios\\socialPolicyDebate.js",
    statementMap: {
      "0": {
        start: {
          line: 3,
          column: 27
        },
        end: {
          line: 155,
          column: 1
        }
      }
    },
    fnMap: {},
    branchMap: {},
    s: {
      "0": 0
    },
    f: {},
    b: {},
    _coverageSchema: "1a1c01bbd47fc00a2c39e90264f33305004495a9",
    hash: "d26087228966daebdd3facffad91d02e2fc98bd2"
  };
  var coverage = global[gcv] || (global[gcv] = {});
  if (!coverage[path] || coverage[path].hash !== hash) {
    coverage[path] = coverageData;
  }
  var actualCoverage = coverage[path];
  {
    cov_16mpjondqo = function () {
      return actualCoverage;
    };
  }
  return actualCoverage;
}
cov_16mpjondqo();
var socialPolicyDebate = (cov_16mpjondqo().s[0]++, {
  id: 8,
  title: "Social Policy Debate",
  level: "C1",
  description: "Participate in a sophisticated debate on complex social policy issues, demonstrating the ability to articulate nuanced positions, analyze empirical evidence, respond to counterarguments, consider ethical dimensions, and propose balanced policy solutions with appropriate academic and policy vocabulary.",
  estimatedTime: "35-40 minutes",
  vocabulary: ["socioeconomic determinants", "empirical evidence", "fiscal implications", "progressive taxation", "social safety net", "implementation framework", "policy effectiveness", "structural inequality", "marginalized populations", "cost-benefit analysis", "means-testing", "universal provision", "economic indicators", "demographic trends", "social cohesion", "policy evaluation", "welfare state", "income distribution", "public expenditure", "intergenerational equity"],
  steps: [{
    id: 1,
    botMessage: "Welcome to today's policy forum on Universal Basic Income (UBI). As our first speaker, could you present the case for implementing a UBI program? Please outline the key arguments supporting this policy approach, addressing its potential benefits and responding to common concerns about feasibility and social impact.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Thank you for the opportunity to address this important policy question. Universal Basic Income represents a transformative approach to welfare policy that merits serious consideration based on multiple compelling arguments. At its core, UBI addresses fundamental structural changes in our economy while offering a more dignified, efficient alternative to traditional welfare systems. First, regarding economic security, UBI provides a crucial financial floor in an increasingly precarious labor market. The rise of automation, platform-based gig work, and contract employment has created unprecedented income volatility for millions of workers. Recent labor market analyses demonstrate that nearly 40% of workers now experience significant month-to-month income fluctuations, generating chronic financial instability. UBI would provide essential income security amid these structural economic shifts, enabling individuals to weather transitions between jobs, invest in education or retraining, or accommodate caregiving responsibilities without facing destitution. Second, UBI offers significant advantages over conventional welfare programs. Traditional means-tested benefits create notorious 'poverty traps' where recipients face effective marginal tax rates often exceeding 80% as benefits are withdrawn upon earning income. This creates perverse disincentives to employment and economic advancement. UBI, by contrast, provides unconditional support, ensuring that every additional dollar earned represents a genuine improvement in financial circumstances. Furthermore, current welfare systems impose substantial administrative burdens on both governments and recipients. The complex eligibility verification processes cost billions annually while creating humiliating, time-consuming requirements for beneficiaries. UBI would dramatically reduce these administrative costs while eliminating stigmatization and enhancing human dignity. Third, UBI would stimulate economic activity through multiple mechanisms. By directing resources to lower-income households with higher marginal propensities to consume, UBI would generate substantial local economic multiplier effects. Studies of cash transfer programs consistently demonstrate that recipients predominantly spend on essential goods and services from local businesses. Additionally, by providing income security, UBI would likely increase entrepreneurship, as demonstrated in pilot programs where participants showed increased rates of business formation when provided basic income guarantees. Concerning common objections, the claim that UBI would substantially reduce work incentives lacks empirical support. Evidence from pilot programs in Canada, Finland, and developing economies shows minimal labor market withdrawal, primarily among parents of young children and young adults pursuing education. Furthermore, any modest reductions in labor supply could actually benefit society through improved childcare, educational attainment, and community engagement. Regarding fiscal feasibility, comprehensive UBI proposals acknowledge the substantial investment required and identify realistic funding mechanisms. These typically include consolidating existing welfare programs, implementing progressive tax reforms, reducing tax expenditures that disproportionately benefit the affluent, and capturing a portion of currently untaxed economic activity. While representing a significant reallocation of resources, these approaches demonstrate that UBI is fiscally viable within existing economic constraints. Finally, from an ethical perspective, UBI recognizes that all citizens deserve a modest share of our collective prosperity and acknowledges the substantial unpaid contributions many make through caregiving, community service, and other socially valuable but uncompensated activities. By providing universal economic participation, UBI would strengthen social cohesion and democratic engagement. In conclusion, UBI offers a promising policy framework that addresses contemporary economic challenges while providing a more dignified, efficient alternative to conventional welfare approaches. The mounting evidence from pilot programs worldwide suggests it's time to move from theoretical debates to larger-scale implementation and evaluation.", "I appreciate the opportunity to present the case for Universal Basic Income, a policy approach that addresses fundamental economic and social challenges through a surprisingly straightforward mechanism. The rationale for UBI rests on several interconnected arguments spanning economic, social, administrative, and ethical dimensions. First, UBI responds directly to profound structural changes in our economy. The increasing automation of routine tasks, the growth of precarious employment, and the volatility of the gig economy have fundamentally altered traditional employment patterns. Recent research from the McKinsey Global Institute projects that up to 30% of work activities across 60% of occupations could be automated with existing technologies. This technological disruption, while potentially beneficial for aggregate productivity, creates significant transitional hardships and structural unemployment. UBI provides essential economic security during these transitions, enabling workers to retrain, relocate, or weather periods of reduced employment without experiencing destitution. Second, UBI offers significant advantages over conventional welfare systems. Traditional means-tested programs create notorious administrative inefficiencies, with some countries spending up to 25% of program budgets on eligibility verification, fraud detection, and compliance monitoring. These systems also produce substantial psychological costs through stigmatization and bureaucratic hurdles that prevent many eligible individuals from accessing benefits. Research indicates that between 20-40% of eligible recipients fail to access benefits they qualify for due to these administrative barriers. UBI eliminates these inefficiencies through universality and unconditional provision, ensuring comprehensive coverage while dramatically reducing administrative overhead. Moreover, conventional welfare systems often create perverse incentives through high benefit reduction rates as recipients begin earning income—sometimes exceeding effective marginal tax rates of 80%. This creates poverty traps where increased employment may leave individuals financially worse off. UBI, by contrast, provides consistent support regardless of employment status, ensuring that work always pays. Third, UBI demonstrates promising empirical effects based on existing pilot programs and natural experiments. The Manitoba Mincome experiment in Canada showed minimal labor market withdrawal beyond young mothers and students, while demonstrating significant improvements in health outcomes and educational attainment. More recent experiments in Finland, Ontario, and Kenya have similarly shown modest labor market effects coupled with improvements in mental health, housing stability, and food security. These findings challenge assumptions that unconditional income necessarily reduces work incentives substantially. Fourth, regarding macroeconomic impacts, UBI would likely stimulate economic activity through increased consumer spending, particularly in local economies. Because lower-income households have higher marginal propensities to consume, directing resources toward this population generates stronger multiplier effects than equivalent distributions to more affluent groups. This consumption would likely generate increased demand for goods and services, potentially offsetting any modest reductions in labor supply. Addressing common concerns about feasibility, comprehensive financing proposals demonstrate that UBI is fiscally viable through a combination of: consolidating existing welfare programs, implementing progressive tax reforms, reducing tax expenditures that disproportionately benefit affluent households, instituting modest taxes on currently untaxed economic activities, and capturing productivity gains from automation. While representing a significant reallocation of resources, these approaches demonstrate UBI's fiscal feasibility within existing economic constraints. Finally, from an ethical perspective, UBI acknowledges that all citizens deserve a modest share of our collective prosperity and recognizes the substantial unpaid contributions many make through caregiving, community service, and creative pursuits. By providing universal economic participation, UBI would strengthen social cohesion while expanding conceptualizations of valuable contribution beyond market-compensated labor. Given these compelling arguments, I advocate for implementing phased UBI pilots leading toward broader implementation, with robust evaluation frameworks to assess impacts across economic, social, and psychological dimensions.", "Thank you for the opportunity to present the case for Universal Basic Income. UBI represents a transformative policy approach that addresses multiple contemporary challenges through a surprisingly straightforward mechanism: providing regular, unconditional cash payments to all citizens or residents. The rationale for implementing UBI rests on several interconnected arguments spanning economic, social, administrative, and ethical dimensions. First, UBI responds directly to fundamental changes in our economic structure. Labor markets have undergone profound transformation through automation, digitalization, and the rise of precarious employment arrangements. Recent research from Oxford Economics projects that up to 20 million manufacturing jobs globally could be displaced by automation by 2030, while the proliferation of platform-based gig work has created unprecedented income volatility for millions of workers. Traditional employment trajectories have given way to frequent transitions, career changes, and hybrid work arrangements that often lack adequate social protections. UBI provides essential economic security amid these structural shifts, enabling individuals to weather transitions between jobs, invest in education or retraining, or accommodate caregiving responsibilities without facing destitution. Evidence from basic income experiments in Finland and Canada demonstrates that such economic security does not significantly reduce workforce participation but rather enables more strategic and sustainable engagement with labor markets. Second, UBI offers substantial administrative advantages over conventional welfare systems. Current means-tested programs create notorious bureaucratic inefficiencies, with some jurisdictions spending up to 20% of program budgets on eligibility verification, monitoring, and compliance. These administrative burdens fall on both governments and recipients, with vulnerable individuals often navigating labyrinthine application processes to access essential support. Research consistently shows that between 20-40% of eligible individuals fail to receive benefits they qualify for due to these administrative barriers. UBI's universality eliminates these inefficiencies, ensuring comprehensive coverage while dramatically reducing administrative overhead. Third, UBI addresses the well-documented 'poverty traps' created by traditional welfare programs. Conventional means-tested benefits typically impose high benefit reduction rates as recipients begin earning income—creating effective marginal tax rates that sometimes exceed 80%. This creates perverse disincentives where increased employment may leave individuals financially worse off. UBI, by contrast, provides consistent support regardless of employment status, ensuring that every additional dollar earned represents a genuine improvement in financial circumstances. Fourth, regarding macroeconomic impacts, UBI would likely stimulate economic activity through increased consumer spending, particularly in local economies. Lower-income households demonstrate higher marginal propensities to consume, meaning that resources directed toward these populations generate stronger multiplier effects than equivalent distributions to more affluent groups. Studies of cash transfer programs consistently show that recipients predominantly spend on essential goods and services from local businesses, generating positive spillover effects throughout communities. Addressing common concerns about implementation, comprehensive financing proposals demonstrate that UBI is fiscally viable through a combination of: consolidating existing welfare programs, implementing progressive tax reforms, reducing tax expenditures that disproportionately benefit affluent households, and capturing productivity gains from automation through mechanisms such as modest robot taxes or digital service taxes. While representing a significant reallocation of resources, these approaches demonstrate UBI's feasibility within existing economic constraints. Finally, from an ethical perspective, UBI recognizes that all citizens deserve a modest share of our collective prosperity and acknowledges the substantial unpaid contributions many make through caregiving, community service, and other socially valuable but uncompensated activities. By providing universal economic participation, UBI would strengthen social cohesion and democratic engagement by ensuring that all citizens have the material security necessary for meaningful civic participation. Given this compelling rationale, I advocate for implementing robust UBI pilot programs designed for rigorous evaluation, leading toward phased implementation of this transformative policy approach."],
    hints: "Present a comprehensive case for implementing Universal Basic Income, addressing its potential benefits and responding to common concerns about feasibility and social impact.",
    expectedKeywords: ["universal basic income", "economic", "benefits", "welfare", "automation", "implementation", "feasibility", "poverty", "employment", "evidence", "social impact"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that comprehensive presentation on Universal Basic Income. You've articulated several compelling arguments. Now, let's consider the opposing perspective. What are the strongest arguments against implementing UBI, particularly regarding its economic sustainability, potential unintended consequences, and alternative approaches that might better address the social challenges you've identified?",
      partial: "Thank you for presenting some arguments in favor of Universal Basic Income. Could you develop your case further by addressing more comprehensively the potential benefits of UBI and responding to common concerns about its feasibility and social impact?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on presenting the case for implementing Universal Basic Income, outlining the key arguments supporting this policy and addressing common concerns about its feasibility and social impact."
    }
  }, {
    id: 2,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that comprehensive presentation on Universal Basic Income. You've articulated several compelling arguments. Now, let's consider the opposing perspective. What are the strongest arguments against implementing UBI, particularly regarding its economic sustainability, potential unintended consequences, and alternative approaches that might better address the social challenges you've identified?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["While Universal Basic Income offers a conceptually appealing approach to addressing economic insecurity, several substantial arguments suggest it may be neither the most effective nor the most sustainable policy solution. The most compelling critiques center on fiscal sustainability, labor market effects, and the existence of potentially superior targeted alternatives. First, regarding economic sustainability, implementing a truly universal basic income at meaningful benefit levels would require unprecedented public expenditure. A UBI providing even a modest $12,000 annually to all adult citizens would cost approximately $3 trillion per year in the United States alone—representing nearly 75% of the entire federal budget or about 14% of GDP. Funding such a program would necessitate either dramatic tax increases, substantial government debt expansion, or severe reductions in other essential public services. Even when accounting for administrative savings and program consolidation, the net fiscal impact remains prohibitive. The proposed funding mechanisms—typically involving wealth taxes, financial transaction taxes, or significantly higher income taxes—face substantial implementation challenges and potential economic distortions. Capital mobility, tax avoidance strategies, and international tax competition would likely undermine revenue projections, while the scale of required taxation could significantly dampen economic growth through reduced investment and entrepreneurship. Second, while UBI proponents frequently minimize potential labor market disincentives, economic theory and empirical evidence suggest legitimate concerns. Standard labor supply models predict that unconditional income would reduce work effort through both income and substitution effects. While existing pilot programs show modest labor market impacts, these studies have critical limitations: they're typically temporary (creating different incentives than permanent programs), implemented at small scales (missing general equilibrium effects), and often layered atop existing welfare systems rather than replacing them. Additionally, many pilots target specific populations rather than implementing true universality. The Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend—perhaps the closest existing program to a true UBI—has been associated with a 17% reduction in full-time work among recipients. At scale, such labor supply reductions could significantly impact economic productivity, tax revenues, and essential service provision. Third, UBI represents a profoundly inefficient allocation of limited public resources. By distributing identical benefits to all citizens regardless of need, UBI directs substantial resources toward middle and higher-income households who don't require assistance. This universality fundamentally conflicts with the principle of progressive resource allocation that underlies effective welfare policy. The substantial opportunity cost of this approach cannot be overlooked—the same resources could provide much more generous support to truly vulnerable populations through targeted programs. Fourth, several alternative approaches would likely better address the social challenges identified by UBI proponents. A negative income tax would provide income support with better targeting efficiency and work incentives by gradually phasing out benefits as earned income increases. Expanded earned income tax credits combined with targeted categorical programs (addressing specific needs like childcare, housing, healthcare, and education) would provide more comprehensive support while maintaining work incentives. Enhanced social insurance systems addressing specific vulnerabilities like unemployment, disability, and retirement would more effectively protect against particular economic risks without the massive costs of universality. Finally, regarding automation and labor market transformation, sector-specific adjustment assistance programs, expanded educational opportunities, and strategic workforce development initiatives would more directly address technological disruption than universal cash transfers. These approaches, combined with robust minimum wage policies and strengthened collective bargaining, would better ensure that productivity gains translate to broadly shared prosperity. In conclusion, while UBI responds to legitimate concerns about economic insecurity in contemporary labor markets, its fiscal sustainability remains deeply questionable, its potential labor market effects concerning, and several alternative approaches offer more targeted, efficient, and politically viable solutions to the underlying social challenges. Policymakers would be better served by pursuing these targeted alternatives while addressing structural labor market issues that generate economic insecurity in the first place.", "Despite its conceptual appeal, Universal Basic Income faces several substantial challenges that raise serious questions about its viability as a policy solution. The most compelling arguments against implementation center on fiscal sustainability, potential unintended consequences, and the existence of more effective targeted alternatives. Regarding economic sustainability, implementing a meaningful UBI would require unprecedented public expenditure that raises serious questions about long-term viability. A UBI providing even a modest benefit of $1,000 monthly to all adult citizens would cost approximately $3 trillion annually in the United States alone—roughly 75% of the current federal budget or 14% of GDP. While proponents suggest various funding mechanisms including consolidating existing programs, implementing wealth taxes, or capturing technological productivity gains, these approaches face significant practical challenges. Program consolidation would likely generate substantial political resistance from constituencies benefiting from existing targeted programs. New revenue sources like wealth taxes or financial transaction taxes, while theoretically appealing, face implementation challenges including asset valuation difficulties, capital flight risks, and international tax competition. Even proposals combining multiple funding streams typically rely on optimistic assumptions about behavioral responses, administrative efficiency, and economic growth. Concerning labor market effects, substantial concerns exist about potential negative consequences. While UBI advocates cite limited evidence from pilot programs showing minimal work disincentives, these studies have critical limitations for predicting effects of a comprehensive program. Existing pilots typically examine temporary interventions (creating different incentives than permanent programs), operate at limited scales (missing general equilibrium effects), and often supplement rather than replace existing welfare systems. Standard economic theory suggests that both income and substitution effects would likely reduce labor supply, particularly among secondary earners, young workers, and those in low-wage sectors. The Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend—perhaps the closest existing program to a true UBI—has been associated with a 17% reduction in full-time work. At scale, such labor supply reductions could significantly impact economic productivity, tax revenue generation, and essential service provision. Perhaps most importantly, UBI represents an inefficient approach to resource allocation compared to targeted alternatives. By providing identical benefits to all citizens regardless of need, UBI directs substantial resources toward middle and higher-income households who don't require assistance. This fundamentally violates the principle of progressive resource allocation that underlies effective welfare policy. The opportunity cost of this approach is substantial—the same fiscal resources could provide significantly more generous support to truly vulnerable populations through targeted programs. Several alternative approaches would likely better address the social challenges identified by UBI proponents: (1) A negative income tax would provide income support with superior targeting efficiency and work incentives by gradually phasing out benefits as earned income increases; (2) Expanded earned income tax credits combined with categorical programs addressing specific needs (childcare, housing, healthcare, education) would provide more comprehensive support while maintaining work incentives; (3) Enhanced social insurance systems addressing specific vulnerabilities like unemployment, disability, and retirement would more effectively protect against particular economic risks without the massive costs of universality; (4) Regarding automation concerns specifically, sector-specific adjustment assistance programs, expanded educational opportunities, and targeted workforce development initiatives would more directly address technological disruption than universal cash transfers. These alternatives, while less conceptually elegant than UBI, offer more practical, efficient, and politically viable approaches to addressing economic insecurity. Furthermore, UBI proposals often inadequately address inflationary concerns, particularly in housing markets where supply constraints could lead increased purchasing power to translate primarily into price increases rather than improved access. In conclusion, while UBI responds to legitimate concerns about economic insecurity in contemporary labor markets, its fiscal sustainability remains deeply questionable, its potential labor market effects concerning, and several alternative approaches offer more targeted, efficient solutions to the underlying social challenges.", "Despite its appealing simplicity and the legitimate concerns it seeks to address..."],
    hints: "Present the strongest arguments against implementing Universal Basic Income, addressing its economic sustainability, potential unintended consequences, and potential alternative approaches.",
    expectedKeywords: ["fiscal", "cost", "sustainability", "labor market", "disincentive", "targeted", "alternatives", "inefficient", "tax", "inflation", "implementation"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["economic sustainability", "fiscal impact", "labor market effects", "work disincentives", "alternative approaches", "negative income tax", "targeted programs", "opportunity cost", "tax implications", "unintended consequences", "inefficient allocation"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for presenting those thoughtful counterarguments to UBI. Now, let's examine the empirical evidence. What does the research from UBI pilot programs and cash transfer studies actually show about the effects on labor market participation, well-being, and economic outcomes? Please analyze the strengths and limitations of this evidence base.",
      partial: "You've raised some interesting points against Universal Basic Income. Could you develop your argument further by more specifically addressing the economic sustainability of UBI, its potential unintended consequences, and alternative approaches that might better address social challenges?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on presenting the strongest arguments against implementing Universal Basic Income, particularly regarding its economic sustainability, potential unintended consequences, and alternative approaches that might better address social challenges."
    }
  }, {
    id: 3,
    botMessage: "Thank you for presenting those thoughtful counterarguments to UBI. Now, let's examine the empirical evidence. What does the research from UBI pilot programs and cash transfer studies actually show about the effects on labor market participation, well-being, and economic outcomes? Please analyze the strengths and limitations of this evidence base.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The empirical evidence on Universal Basic Income and related cash transfer programs provides valuable but limited insights into potential effects of a comprehensive UBI system. While this evidence base has expanded significantly in recent years, it requires careful interpretation due to substantial methodological constraints and contextual differences between pilot programs and full implementation. Regarding labor market effects, the evidence presents a nuanced picture that defies simplistic narratives from either proponents or critics. The Manitoba 'Mincome' experiment in the 1970s found modest reductions in work effort—approximately 1% for men, 3% for married women, and 5% for unmarried women. Importantly, these reductions primarily reflected increased time in education for young adults and extended maternity leaves for new mothers, rather than workforce withdrawal for leisure. Similarly, the recent Finnish basic income trial (2017-2018) found no significant positive or negative employment effects compared to the control group, though it did demonstrate improved financial security and psychological well-being among recipients. The Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend, which provides annual payments to all residents (averaging $1,600 annually), has been associated with increased part-time employment without significant reduction in overall labor supply, though some research identified a 17% reduction in full-time employment specifically. Notably, these modest labor market effects occur in programs providing relatively small benefits compared to comprehensive UBI proposals. More generous programs might produce different outcomes, particularly through general equilibrium effects absent from limited pilots. Several methodological limitations affect all existing studies. First, most pilot programs have been temporary, creating fundamentally different incentives than permanent programs would. Temporary programs likely generate smaller labor supply responses since participants anticipate returning to previous arrangements. Second, existing studies typically involve limited geographic scope, missing potential migration effects or broader labor market adjustments that would occur with national implementation. Third, many pilots maintain existing welfare programs alongside new cash transfers, creating different incentive structures than UBI proposals that would replace existing systems. Fourth, most studies focus on individual-level effects without capturing potential general equilibrium impacts on wages, prices, and labor demand that would emerge at scale. Regarding well-being outcomes, the evidence across multiple studies demonstrates consistently positive effects. The Finnish basic income trial showed statistically significant improvements in multiple well-being measures including life satisfaction, mental health, financial security, and confidence in the future. Studies from developing countries, though in substantially different contexts, similarly show positive outcomes on psychological well-being, health indicators, and financial security. Importantly, these well-being improvements appear relatively consistent across different program designs and contexts, suggesting they may be more generalizable than labor market effects. For economic outcomes beyond individual labor supply, the evidence becomes significantly thinner. Limited research examines broader economic impacts such as entrepreneurship, local economic multipliers, or inflationary effects. Small-scale pilot programs in developing countries have identified positive entrepreneurial effects, with recipients more likely to start businesses or expand existing enterprises. However, these findings come from substantially different economic contexts than advanced economies considering UBI implementation. Consumption effects have generally aligned with theoretical predictions, showing increased spending primarily on necessities rather than luxury goods or potentially harmful substances. Regarding potential inflationary effects—a common concern with UBI—the empirical evidence remains extremely limited due to the small scale of existing programs relative to the overall economy. Several recent pilot programs offer valuable methodological improvements despite continued limitations. The Y Combinator research project in California employs a randomized control trial methodology with significant sample size (1,000 treatment participants) and moderately generous benefits ($1,000 monthly), though still on a temporary basis. The Ontario Basic Income Pilot, while prematurely cancelled, featured a negative income tax design targeting lower-income households. GiveDirectly's ongoing Kenya study represents the longest-term study (12+ years) with varied payment structures, though in a developing economy context significantly different from advanced economies. In conclusion, the existing empirical evidence provides valuable insights into specific dimensions of UBI while leaving significant uncertainty about comprehensive implementation effects. The evidence most strongly supports positive well-being outcomes, with more mixed and contextually dependent findings regarding labor market effects. The most significant empirical gaps concern general equilibrium effects, long-term behavioral adaptations, and macroeconomic implications that small-scale, temporary pilots cannot adequately address. These limitations suggest the need for more ambitious pilot programs with larger scale, longer duration, and more comprehensive evaluation frameworks to inform policy development.", "The empirical evidence on Universal Basic Income and related cash transfer programs offers important but qualified insights into the potential effects of a comprehensive UBI system. This evidence base spans several decades and includes both explicit UBI pilots and adjacent interventions that share key features with UBI. To systematically analyze this evidence, I'll examine research findings across key outcome domains while addressing the significant methodological limitations that affect interpretation. Regarding labor market participation, the evidence presents a more nuanced picture than either strong advocates or critics typically acknowledge. The most rigorous studies consistently find modest rather than dramatic effects on labor supply. The recent Finnish basic income experiment (2017-2018), which provided €560 monthly to 2,000 unemployed participants, found no statistically significant reduction in employment compared to the control group. Participants worked an average of 0.5 days more than the control group over the one-year follow-up period, though this difference was not statistically significant. The Manitoba 'Mincome' experiment in the 1970s found modest reductions in annual work hours—approximately 1% for men, 3% for married women, and 5% for unmarried women. Importantly, these reductions primarily represented increased educational participation among young adults and longer maternity periods for new mothers, rather than workforce withdrawal for leisure. Studies of the Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend, which provides annual payments to all state residents (averaging $1,600 annually in recent years), have found mixed effects. Some research identifies a 17% reduction in full-time employment offset by a 2% increase in overall employment primarily through part-time work. More recent analyses using synthetic control methods found no significant employment effects. Cash transfer programs in developing countries, though in substantially different contexts, consistently find minimal negative labor supply effects and often identify positive effects on productive activities including entrepreneurship and agricultural investment. Several critical methodological limitations affect all existing studies. First, most programs have been explicitly temporary, creating fundamentally different incentives than permanent programs. Temporary interventions likely generate smaller labor supply responses since participants anticipate returning to previous arrangements. Second, most pilots involve limited geographic scope, missing potential migration effects or broader labor market adjustments that would occur with national implementation. Third, many studies examine programs that supplement rather than replace existing welfare systems, creating different incentive structures than comprehensive UBI proposals. Fourth, existing studies focus on partial equilibrium effects without capturing general equilibrium impacts on wages, prices, and labor demand that would emerge at scale. Regarding well-being outcomes, the evidence demonstrates more consistent positive effects across multiple dimensions. The Finnish basic income trial showed statistically significant improvements in life satisfaction, mental health, financial security, and confidence in the future. Qualitative evidence from this study and others highlights reduced stress and enhanced autonomy as key mechanisms. The Stockton Economic Empowerment Demonstration, which provided $500 monthly to 125 participants in a low-income neighborhood, found reduced income volatility, improved mental health, and enhanced capacity to cover unexpected expenses. The Manitoba Mincome study found an 8.5% reduction in hospitalization rates during the intervention period, particularly for mental health-related admissions. For economic outcomes beyond individual labor supply, the evidence becomes significantly thinner. Limited research examines broader economic impacts such as local multiplier effects, inflation, or aggregate productivity. Small-scale pilots in developing countries have identified positive entrepreneurial effects, with recipients more likely to start businesses or expand existing enterprises. However, these findings come from substantially different economic contexts than advanced economies considering UBI implementation. The Stockton demonstration found that recipients spent money primarily on necessities including food (37%), home goods and clothing (22%), utilities (11%), and auto expenses (10%), with less than 1% spent on alcohol or tobacco—challenging narratives about potential misuse of unconditional cash. Several recent and ongoing studies offer methodological improvements while still facing inherent limitations. The Y Combinator research project in California employs a randomized controlled trial with significant sample size (1,000 treatment participants) and moderately generous benefits ($1,000 monthly). The GiveDirectly study in Kenya represents the longest-term basic income study (12+ years) with varied payment structures, though in a developing economy context. The Ontario Basic Income Pilot, while prematurely cancelled, featured a negative income tax design with substantial benefit levels (up to $17,000 annually for individuals). In conclusion, the empirical evidence provides valuable insights into specific dimensions of UBI effects while leaving significant uncertainty about comprehensive implementation impacts. The evidence most strongly supports positive well-being effects, with more mixed but generally modest labor market effects. The most significant empirical gaps concern general equilibrium effects, long-term behavioral adaptations, and macroeconomic implications that small-scale, temporary pilots cannot adequately address.", "The empirical evidence on Universal Basic Income and related cash transfer programs offers important but qualified insights into potential effects of a comprehensive UBI implementation. This evidence base has expanded significantly in recent years but requires careful interpretation due to substantial methodological limitations and contextual differences between experimental settings and full implementation scenarios. Regarding labor market participation—perhaps the most contested empirical question in UBI debates—the evidence presents a nuanced picture that defies simplistic narratives. The Finnish basic income experiment (2017-2018), which provided €560 monthly to 2,000 unemployed individuals, found no statistically significant difference in employment levels between treatment and control groups during the two-year intervention. Participants worked an average of 6 days more annually than the control group (approximately 78 days vs. 72 days), though this difference wasn't statistically significant. Importantly, the experiment found improved employment quality, with participants reporting greater autonomy in job selection and better alignment between skills and employment. The Manitoba 'Mincome' experiment from the 1970s found modest reductions in annual work hours—approximately 1% for men, 3% for married women, and 5% for unmarried women. Subsequent analysis revealed these reductions primarily represented increased educational participation among young adults and extended maternity leaves among new mothers rather than labor market withdrawal for leisure. The negative income tax experiments conducted across several U.S. cities during the 1970s found labor supply reductions ranging from 5-7% for primary earners and 17-21% for secondary earners, though these programs featured steep benefit reduction rates (often 50-80%) that created stronger work disincentives than most contemporary UBI proposals. Studies of the Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend present mixed findings. Some research identifies modest decreases in full-time employment (approximately 1.8 percentage points) offset by increased part-time employment. More recent analyses using synthetic control methods found no significant overall employment effects but identified increased labor force participation in the informal sector particularly among women and individuals with young children. Several critical methodological limitations affect interpretation of all existing studies. First, nearly all programs have been explicitly temporary, creating fundamentally different incentives than permanent programs. Temporary interventions likely generate smaller labor supply responses since participants anticipate returning to previous arrangements. Second, existing studies involve limited geographic scope, missing potential migration effects and broader labor market adjustments that would occur with national implementation. Third, most pilots maintain existing welfare programs alongside new cash transfers, creating different incentive structures than UBI proposals that would replace existing systems. Fourth, sample sizes in most studies provide limited statistical power for detecting modest effects. Fifth, no existing study captures potential general equilibrium effects on wages, prices, and labor demand that would emerge at scale. Regarding well-being outcomes, the evidence demonstrates more consistent positive effects across multiple dimensions and study contexts. The Finnish basic income trial showed statistically significant improvements in multiple well-being measures including life satisfaction, mental health, financial security, and confidence in the future. The Stockton Economic Empowerment Demonstration, which provided $500 monthly to 125 participants, found significant mental health improvements with the percentage of participants reporting anxiety and depression decreasing from 22% to 12%. The Manitoba Mincome study identified an 8.5% reduction in hospitalization rates, particularly for mental health conditions, accidents, and injuries. Qualitative evidence across multiple studies consistently highlights reduced stress from financial precarity as a key mechanism for improved psychological wellbeing. For economic outcomes beyond individual labor market effects, the evidence becomes significantly thinner. Limited research examines broader economic impacts such as entrepreneurship, inflation, or productivity effects. Small-scale pilots, particularly in developing countries, have identified positive entrepreneurial effects, with recipients more likely to start businesses or expand existing enterprises. The Stockton demonstration found that recipients spent money primarily on necessities including food (37%), home goods and clothing (22%), utilities (11%), and auto expenses (10%), with less than 1% spent on alcohol or tobacco—challenging narratives about potential misuse of unconditional cash. Several recent and ongoing initiatives offer valuable methodological improvements despite continued limitations. The Y Combinator research project in Oakland employs a randomized control trial methodology with significant sample size (1,000 treatment participants) and moderately generous benefits ($1,000 monthly). The GiveDirectly study in Kenya represents the longest-term basic income study (12+ years) with varied payment structures, though in a developing economy context significantly different from advanced economies. The Ontario Basic Income Pilot, while prematurely cancelled, featured a negative income tax design targeting lower-income households with substantial benefits (up to $17,000 annually for individuals). In conclusion, the existing empirical evidence provides important yet limited insights into UBI effects. The research most strongly supports positive well-being outcomes, with more mixed but generally modest labor market effects. The most significant empirical gaps concern general equilibrium effects, long-term behavioral adaptations, and macroeconomic implications that small-scale, temporary pilots cannot adequately address."],
    hints: "Analyze the empirical evidence from UBI pilot programs and cash transfer studies regarding effects on labor market participation, well-being, and economic outcomes, including strengths and limitations of this evidence.",
    expectedKeywords: ["evidence", "empirical", "pilot programs", "labor market", "well-being", "outcomes", "limitations", "methodology", "studies", "participation", "effects"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that thorough analysis of the empirical evidence. Now, let's explore the ethical dimensions of this debate. Beyond the practical considerations we've discussed, what are the key moral and philosophical arguments both for and against Universal Basic Income? How do different ethical frameworks and conceptions of justice inform perspectives on this policy?",
      partial: "You've provided some useful information about UBI research. Could you develop your analysis further by more systematically examining what the evidence shows about effects on labor market participation, well-being, and economic outcomes, while addressing the strengths and limitations of this evidence base?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the empirical evidence from UBI pilot programs and cash transfer studies, specifically what this research shows about effects on labor market participation, well-being, and economic outcomes, while addressing the strengths and limitations of this evidence."
    }
  }, {
    id: 4,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that thorough analysis of the empirical evidence. Now, let's explore the ethical dimensions of this debate. Beyond the practical considerations we've discussed, what are the key moral and philosophical arguments both for and against Universal Basic Income? How do different ethical frameworks and conceptions of justice inform perspectives on this policy?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["The Universal Basic Income debate engages profound ethical and philosophical questions that transcend practical considerations, touching on fundamental conceptions of justice, freedom, social obligation, and human flourishing. I'll examine key moral arguments both supporting and opposing UBI across diverse ethical frameworks. From a libertarian perspective centered on individual freedom, UBI generates competing moral claims. Proponents argue that UBI enhances 'real freedom' by providing the material resources necessary for meaningful autonomy. Philosopher Philippe Van Parijs contends that formal freedoms (legal rights) remain hollow without sufficient resources to exercise them—true liberty requires not just absence of interference but capacity for action. By providing unconditional resources, UBI creates a 'freedom floor' enabling individuals to refuse exploitative employment, pursue education, or engage in socially valuable unpaid work. The unconditional nature of UBI also respects individual autonomy by avoiding paternalistic judgments about how recipients should live, contrasting sharply with conditional welfare programs that often impose behavioral requirements. Conversely, libertarian critics argue that UBI violates property rights through compulsory taxation and redistribution. Philosopher Robert Nozick's entitlement theory holds that individuals have rightful claims to legitimately acquired property, and redistributive taxation constitutes unjustified coercion. From this perspective, even if UBI enhances recipients' freedom, it simultaneously diminishes contributors' liberty through involuntary wealth transfer. Within egalitarian frameworks concerned with equitable distribution of resources, UBI similarly generates divergent moral evaluations. Proponents argue that UBI acknowledges every citizen's equal moral worth and right to a baseline share of collective prosperity. Political philosopher John Rawls's 'veil of ignorance' thought experiment suggests that rational individuals, unaware of their position in society, would choose institutions guaranteeing basic resources for all—resembling UBI's universal provision. Additionally, UBI directly addresses economic inequality by establishing a floor below which no one falls, while progressive funding mechanisms can simultaneously compress top-end disparities. However, egalitarian critics question whether identical payments to all citizens truly advances equality. Philosopher Elizabeth Anderson argues that genuine equality requires addressing specific disadvantages faced by marginalized groups—something uniform cash payments may fail to accomplish. Resources allocated to universal provision might better serve egalitarian ends through targeted interventions addressing specific inequalities in education, healthcare, or housing. From a utilitarian perspective focused on maximizing overall welfare, competing assessments emerge based on differing empirical predictions. UBI proponents argue that marginal utility principles suggest welfare gains from redistributing resources to those with lower incomes would outweigh welfare losses from taxation. Evidence of improved psychological wellbeing in pilot programs supports this contention. Conversely, utilitarian critics argue that UBI's massive cost represents significant opportunity cost—the same resources might generate greater aggregate welfare through targeted programs addressing specific needs or investments in public goods with broader societal returns. From communitarian perspectives emphasizing social cohesion and mutual obligation, UBI again produces competing moral evaluations. Proponents contend that UBI strengthens social bonds by expressing society's commitment to all members' wellbeing, potentially reducing crime, social unrest, and political extremism born of economic desperation. UBI might also enable greater civic participation and community engagement by providing material security for activities not rewarded by markets. However, communitarian critics argue that unconditionality severs the reciprocal relationship between rights and responsibilities fundamental to social cohesion. Political theorist Michael Sandel suggests that citizenship entails mutual obligations, and welfare without corresponding contribution requirements may undermine social solidarity. These critics often favor policies maintaining work requirements or community service obligations. From virtue ethics perspectives concerned with character development and human flourishing, additional considerations emerge. UBI supporters argue that material security enables pursuit of intrinsically valuable activities beyond market-compensated labor—caregiving, artistic creation, community service—potentially cultivating virtues including generosity, creativity, and civic engagement. Unconditional support might also reduce stigmatization and enhance dignity compared to means-tested welfare, supporting virtues of self-respect and autonomy. Conversely, virtue ethics critics worry that unconditional support might undermine virtues of self-reliance, perseverance, and industry traditionally developed through productive work. These critics often reference Aristotle's conception of human flourishing as necessarily involving productive contribution and earned accomplishment. Finally, feminist ethical perspectives offer distinctive assessments. UBI proponents highlight its potential to recognize traditionally uncompensated care work predominantly performed by women. By providing independent income regardless of market participation, UBI could reduce economic dependency within households and enhance women's bargaining power in personal relationships. Feminist critics, however, question whether individual cash payments adequately address structural gender inequalities potentially reinforcing traditional gender roles by making it economically viable for women to remain primary caregivers rather than transforming gendered division of labor. These diverse ethical perspectives reveal that UBI discussions involve fundamental questions about justice, freedom, and human flourishing that cannot be resolved through empirical evidence alone. One's position on UBI likely reflects deeper philosophical commitments regarding the proper relationship between individuals, markets, and collective institutions in a just society.", "The Universal Basic Income debate transcends practical policy considerations, engaging fundamental ethical questions about justice, freedom, social organization, and human dignity. I'll analyze the key moral arguments both supporting and opposing UBI across diverse philosophical frameworks. From liberal and libertarian perspectives centered on individual freedom, UBI generates nuanced ethical tensions. Proponents argue that UBI significantly enhances what philosopher Philippe Van Parijs terms 'real freedom'—the actual capacity to pursue one's conception of the good life. While traditional libertarianism focuses on freedom from interference (negative liberty), UBI advocates argue that meaningful autonomy requires material resources (positive liberty). By providing unconditional financial support, UBI creates a tangible 'freedom floor' enabling individuals to refuse exploitative employment, pursue education, or engage in socially valuable unpaid work like caregiving or artistic creation. The unconditional nature of UBI also respects individual autonomy by avoiding paternalistic judgments about how recipients should live—contrasting sharply with means-tested programs that often involve intrusive monitoring and complex eligibility requirements. However, libertarian critics like philosopher Robert Nozick argue that UBI fundamentally violates property rights through compulsory taxation and redistribution. From this perspective, individuals have rightful claims to legitimately acquired property, and redistributive taxation constitutes unjustified coercion regardless of beneficial outcomes. While UBI might enhance recipients' freedom, it necessarily diminishes contributors' liberty through involuntary wealth transfer. More moderate liberty-oriented critics suggest that freedom could be better secured through less redistributive measures such as reducing occupational licensing barriers or reforming zoning regulations that restrict opportunity. Within egalitarian frameworks concerned with fairness and equitable distribution, UBI similarly produces competing moral evaluations. Proponents argue that UBI acknowledges every citizen's equal moral worth and right to a baseline share of collective prosperity. Political philosopher John Rawls's influential 'veil of ignorance' thought experiment suggests that individuals, unaware of their position in society, would rationally choose institutions guaranteeing basic resources for all—resembling UBI's universal provision. Additionally, UBI directly addresses economic inequality by establishing a floor below which no one falls while potentially compressing top-end disparities through progressive funding mechanisms. However, egalitarian critics like philosopher Elizabeth Anderson question whether identical payments to all citizens truly advances substantive equality. Her 'relational egalitarianism' emphasizes equal social relationships rather than merely distributional outcomes. From this perspective, genuine equality requires addressing specific disadvantages faced by marginalized groups—something uniform cash payments may fail to accomplish. Resources allocated to universal provision might better serve egalitarian ends through targeted interventions addressing specific inequalities in education, healthcare, housing, or employment opportunities. From utilitarian perspectives focused on maximizing overall welfare, competing assessments emerge based on differing empirical predictions. UBI proponents argue that marginal utility principles suggest welfare gains from redistributing resources to those with lower incomes would outweigh welfare losses from taxation. Evidence of improved psychological wellbeing in pilot programs supports this contention. Conversely, utilitarian critics argue that UBI's massive cost represents significant opportunity cost—the same resources might generate greater aggregate welfare through targeted programs addressing specific needs or investments in public goods with broader societal returns. From communitarian perspectives emphasizing social cohesion and mutual obligation, UBI again produces competing moral evaluations. Proponents contend that UBI strengthens social bonds by expressing society's commitment to all members' wellbeing, potentially reducing crime, social unrest, and political extremism born of economic desperation. By providing material security, UBI might enable greater civic participation and community engagement. However, communitarian critics like political philosopher Michael Sandel argue that unconditionality severs the reciprocal relationship between rights and responsibilities fundamental to social cohesion. From this perspective, citizenship entails mutual obligations, and welfare without corresponding contribution requirements may undermine social solidarity and mutual respect. Communitarians often favor policies maintaining work requirements or community service obligations that reinforce social bonds through shared contribution. From virtue ethics perspectives concerned with character development and human flourishing, additional considerations emerge. UBI supporters argue that material security enables pursuit of intrinsically valuable activities beyond market-compensated labor—activities that might cultivate virtues including generosity, creativity, and civic-mindedness. Unconditional support might also reduce stigmatization and enhance dignity compared to means-tested welfare, supporting virtues of self-respect and social recognition. Conversely, virtue ethics critics worry that unconditional support might undermine virtues of self-reliance, perseverance, and industry traditionally developed through productive work. These critics often reference Aristotle's conception of human flourishing (eudaimonia) as necessarily involving productive contribution and earned accomplishment. Finally, feminist ethical perspectives offer distinctive assessments. UBI proponents highlight its potential to recognize traditionally uncompensated care work predominantly performed by women. By providing independent income regardless of market participation, UBI could reduce economic dependency within households and enhance women's autonomy. Feminist critics, however, question whether individual cash payments adequately address structural gender inequalities and might actually reinforce traditional gender roles by making it economically viable for women to remain primary caregivers rather than transforming the gendered division of labor. These diverse philosophical perspectives reveal that UBI involves fundamental moral questions about justice, freedom, and human flourishing that transcend empirical debate. One's position likely reflects deeper commitments regarding the proper relationship between individuals, markets, and collective institutions in a just society.", "The ethical dimensions of the Universal Basic Income debate engage fundamental..."],
    hints: "Analyze the key moral and philosophical arguments for and against Universal Basic Income, addressing how different ethical frameworks and conceptions of justice inform perspectives on this policy.",
    expectedKeywords: ["ethical", "moral", "philosophical", "justice", "freedom", "rights", "equality", "liberty", "autonomy", "dignity", "responsibility", "solidarity"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["ethical frameworks", "moral arguments", "philosophical perspectives", "conceptions of justice", "individual freedom", "libertarian perspective", "egalitarian framework", "utilitarian perspective", "communitarian values", "virtue ethics", "feminist perspective"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your philosophical analysis is excellent. For our final question, let's bring together the practical and ethical considerations into policy recommendations. Given the evidence and arguments we've discussed, what might be the most promising policy approach regarding basic income? Would you recommend full UBI implementation, a more targeted approach, or an alternative policy framework entirely? Please provide a balanced conclusion with specific recommendations.",
      partial: "You've raised some interesting philosophical points. Could you develop your analysis further by more systematically examining the key moral arguments both for and against Universal Basic Income across different ethical frameworks and conceptions of justice?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the key moral and philosophical arguments both for and against Universal Basic Income, and explaining how different ethical frameworks and conceptions of justice inform perspectives on this policy."
    }
  }, {
    id: 5,
    botMessage: "Your philosophical analysis is excellent. For our final question, let's bring together the practical and ethical considerations into policy recommendations. Given the evidence and arguments we've discussed, what might be the most promising policy approach regarding basic income? Would you recommend full UBI implementation, a more targeted approach, or an alternative policy framework entirely? Please provide a balanced conclusion with specific recommendations.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["After considering the empirical evidence, practical constraints, and ethical dimensions of Universal Basic Income, I conclude that while UBI addresses legitimate concerns about economic insecurity and technological disruption, immediate nationwide implementation faces substantial challenges of fiscal sustainability and political feasibility. Instead, I recommend a graduated approach combining targeted expansions of existing programs with strategically designed UBI pilots to build both evidence and political consensus for broader implementation. First, regarding immediate policy priorities, I recommend enhancing and streamlining existing targeted support programs through several complementary initiatives: (1) Expanding the Earned Income Tax Credit with higher benefit levels, broader eligibility for childless workers, and more frequent payment distributions to address income volatility; (2) Simplifying and harmonizing eligibility requirements across assistance programs to reduce administrative barriers while maintaining targeting efficiency; (3) Implementing automatic stabilizers that expand benefit generosity during economic downturns without requiring legislative action; and (4) Reforming benefit phase-out structures to reduce marginal effective tax rates that create poverty traps in current systems. These targeted enhancements would address many criticisms of existing welfare frameworks while maintaining fiscal sustainability. Second, I recommend implementing a series of progressively ambitious UBI pilot programs designed to address critical knowledge gaps in the existing evidence base. These pilots should feature: (1) Longer timeframes (minimum 5 years) to capture behavioral adaptations beyond initial responses; (2) Sufficient geographic scale to observe local economic effects beyond individual outcomes; (3) Varied benefit levels to identify threshold effects and optimal payment amounts; (4) Diverse implementation contexts including rural communities, deindustrialized regions, and urban areas with different cost structures; and (5) Comprehensive evaluation frameworks examining multidimensional outcomes including labor market effects, wellbeing measures, community impacts, and macroeconomic indicators. Third, I recommend exploring phased categorical basic income programs that extend unconditional payments to specific population groups where targeting costs are high relative to benefits or where unconditional support aligns with broadly shared societal values. Promising approaches include: (1) A universal child allowance providing monthly payments for all children regardless of family income, recognizing the public interest in child development and the substantially higher poverty rates among children; (2) A young adult opportunity dividend providing temporary basic income during the transition years between education and stable employment (ages 18-24), supporting skill development, education, entrepreneurship, and career exploration; and (3) A senior basic income supplement ensuring that all elderly individuals receive at least a minimum income floor, simplifying the complex supplement programs currently operating alongside Social Security. Fourth, I recommend developing the administrative infrastructure necessary for potential broader implementation through: (1) Modernizing payment systems to enable regular, reliable direct deposits to all citizens; (2) Establishing universal bank accounts or similar financial inclusion mechanisms ensuring all citizens can receive electronic payments; (3) Streamlining and digitizing tax filing and benefit enrollment systems to reduce administrative overhead; and (4) Creating comprehensive impact monitoring systems that can track distributional outcomes across demographic groups and geographic regions. Fifth, I recommend establishing dedicated funding mechanisms that could sustainably support expanded income support programs including: (1) Carbon dividend approaches that return carbon tax revenues to citizens as equal per-capita payments, simultaneously addressing climate externalities while building infrastructure for universal payments; (2) Modest financial transaction taxes designed to reduce speculative trading while generating revenue with minimal economic distortion; (3) Reformed capital taxation addressing preferential treatment of investment income relative to labor earnings; and (4) Technology dividend mechanisms capturing a portion of productivity gains from automation and artificial intelligence. This graduated approach acknowledges valid concerns about UBI's fiscal implications and potential unintended consequences while creating pathways toward more universal support if pilot evidence validates its efficacy. It balances immediate assistance for vulnerable populations with longer-term structural reforms and evidence generation. Most importantly, this approach recognizes that addressing economic insecurity requires multiple complementary strategies rather than a single comprehensive solution. By adopting this balanced approach, policymakers can respond to legitimate concerns about contemporary economic challenges while maintaining fiscal responsibility and building the empirical foundation for potential broader implementation as technology continues transforming labor markets in coming decades.", "After assessing the empirical evidence, implementation challenges, and ethical dimensions of Universal Basic Income, I conclude that while UBI responds to legitimate concerns about economic insecurity in contemporary labor markets, a graduated approach is more promising than immediate full implementation. I recommend a multi-faceted strategy that combines targeted enhancements to existing programs with strategic UBI pilots and incremental steps toward more universal support. First, regarding existing welfare systems, I recommend comprehensive reforms addressing well-documented limitations while maintaining targeting efficiency: (1) Consolidating and harmonizing currently fragmented programs to reduce administrative complexity and access barriers while maintaining support for specific needs; (2) Reforming benefit phase-out structures to reduce marginal effective tax rates (often exceeding 80%) that create poverty traps, potentially through establishing a negative income tax framework with gradual, consistent benefit reductions as earnings increase; (3) Implementing continuous eligibility verification systems using existing administrative data rather than burdensome application processes, reducing both administrative costs and access barriers; and (4) Expanding the Earned Income Tax Credit with higher benefit levels, broader inclusion of childless workers, and more frequent payment distribution to address income volatility. These targeted enhancements would address many legitimate criticisms of current welfare frameworks while maintaining fiscal efficiency. Second, I recommend implementing coordinated, methodologically robust UBI pilot programs designed to address critical knowledge gaps: (1) Establishing longer-term demonstrations (minimum 5-7 years) to capture behavioral adaptations beyond initial responses; (2) Implementing varied benefit levels to identify threshold effects and optimal payment amounts; (3) Testing different financing mechanisms to assess their economic and distributional impacts; (4) Including diverse implementation contexts including rural communities, deindustrialized regions, and high-cost urban areas; and (5) Employing comprehensive evaluation frameworks examining multidimensional outcomes including labor market effects, wellbeing measures, community impacts, and local economic indicators. These pilots should explicitly incorporate design elements addressing methodological limitations of previous studies, including sufficient scale to observe general equilibrium effects and implementation scenarios replacing rather than supplementing existing benefits. Third, I recommend gradually implementing categorical basic income programs extending unconditional support to specific population groups where either targeting costs are disproportionately high or where unconditional support aligns with broadly shared societal values: (1) A universal child allowance providing monthly payments for all children regardless of family income, recognizing both the public interest in child development and the substantially higher poverty rates among children; (2) A young adult opportunity dividend providing temporary basic income during the transition years between education and stable employment (approximately ages 18-24), supporting skill development, education, entrepreneurship, and career exploration during this increasingly precarious life stage; and (3) A caregiver income acknowledging the social value of unpaid care work for children, elderly, and disabled individuals that contributes substantially to social welfare while remaining uncompensated by markets. Fourth, I recommend establishing dedicated funding mechanisms that could sustainably support expanded income programs: (1) Carbon dividend approaches that return carbon tax revenues to citizens as equal per-capita payments, simultaneously addressing climate externalities while building infrastructure for universal payments; (2) Financial transaction taxes designed primarily to reduce speculative trading while generating modest revenue with minimal economic distortion; (3) Technology/automation fees capturing a portion of productivity gains from technological displacement; and (4) Sovereign wealth fund models that generate public returns from shared resources or common assets. Fifth, I recommend investment in the administrative infrastructure necessary for efficient benefit delivery: (1) Establishing universal bank accounts or similar financial inclusion mechanisms ensuring all citizens can receive electronic payments; (2) Modernizing payment systems to enable regular, reliable direct deposits to all citizens; (3) Developing comprehensive data integration systems that reduce verification burdens while maintaining program integrity; and (4) Creating impact monitoring systems that can track distributional outcomes across demographic groups and geographic regions. This graduated approach acknowledges valid concerns about UBI's fiscal implications and potential unintended consequences while creating pathways toward more universal support if evidence validates its efficacy. It balances immediate assistance for vulnerable populations with longer-term structural reforms, evidence generation, and infrastructure development. Most importantly, this approach recognizes that addressing economic insecurity requires multiple complementary strategies rather than a single comprehensive solution. By implementing these recommendations, policymakers can respond to legitimate concerns about contemporary economic challenges while maintaining fiscal responsibility and building the foundation for potentially more universal approaches as labor markets continue evolving in response to technological change.", "After thoroughly examining the empirical evidence, implementation challenges, and ethical dimensions of Universal Basic Income, I conclude that while UBI represents a promising directional framework, immediate nationwide implementation would be premature given substantial uncertainties about fiscal sustainability, labor market effects, and implementation dynamics. Instead, I recommend a graduated approach that balances addressing immediate needs with generating better evidence for future policy development. First, regarding existing welfare systems, I recommend comprehensive reforms addressing well-documented limitations while maintaining targeting efficiency: (1) Consolidating and simplifying the current fragmented program landscape to reduce administrative complexity and access barriers; (2) Reforming benefit phase-out structures to reduce marginal effective tax rates (often exceeding 70%) that create poverty traps, potentially through a negative income tax framework with gradual, consistent benefit reductions as earnings increase; (3) Modernizing eligibility verification through integrated data systems that reduce application burdens while maintaining program integrity; and (4) Expanding the Earned Income Tax Credit with higher benefit levels, broader eligibility for childless workers, and monthly rather than annual payment distribution to address income volatility. These enhancements would address many legitimate criticisms of current welfare frameworks while maintaining fiscal efficiency. Second, I recommend implementing a coordinated series of methodologically robust UBI pilot programs designed to address critical knowledge gaps: (1) Establishing longer-term demonstrations (minimum 5 years) to capture behavioral adaptations beyond initial responses; (2) Implementing sufficient geographic scale to observe community-level and local economic effects beyond individual outcomes; (3) Testing different benefit levels to identify threshold effects and optimal payment amounts; (4) Including diverse implementation contexts including rural communities, deindustrialized regions, and high-cost urban areas; and (5) Employing comprehensive evaluation frameworks examining multidimensional outcomes including labor market effects, wellbeing measures, entrepreneurship impacts, and community-level indicators. These pilots should explicitly incorporate design elements addressing methodological limitations of previous studies, including scenarios that replace rather than supplement existing benefits and sufficient scale to observe general equilibrium effects. Third, I recommend exploring categorical basic income programs targeting population groups where either targeting costs are disproportionately high relative to benefits or where unconditional support aligns with broadly shared societal values: (1) A universal child allowance providing monthly payments for all children regardless of family income, recognizing both the substantial research demonstrating positive developmental effects of childhood income security and the higher poverty rates among children; (2) A young adult opportunity dividend providing temporary basic income during the transition years between education and stable employment (approximately ages 18-24), supporting skill development, education, entrepreneurship, and career exploration during this increasingly precarious life stage; and (3) A senior basic income ensuring a minimum floor for elderly individuals while simplifying the complex supplement programs currently operating alongside Social Security. Fourth, I recommend developing dedicated funding mechanisms that could sustainably support expanded income security programs: (1) Carbon dividend approaches that return carbon tax revenues to citizens as equal per-capita payments, simultaneously addressing climate externalities while building infrastructure for universal payments; (2) Financial transaction taxes designed to reduce speculative trading while generating revenue with minimal economic distortion; (3) Wealth-based funding through reformed estate taxes or modest net worth taxes on extremely high wealth households; and (4) Sovereign wealth fund models that generate public returns from shared resources or common assets. Fifth, I recommend investment in the administrative infrastructure necessary for potential broader implementation: (1) Establishing universal financial accounts or similar mechanisms ensuring all citizens can receive electronic payments; (2) Modernizing payment systems to enable regular, reliable direct deposits; (3) Developing comprehensive data integration systems that reduce verification burdens while maintaining program integrity; and (4) Creating impact monitoring systems that can track distributional outcomes across demographic groups and geographic regions. This graduated approach acknowledges valid concerns about UBI's fiscal implications and potential unintended consequences while creating pathways toward more universal support if evidence validates its efficacy. It balances addressing immediate needs through enhanced targeted programs with building infrastructure and evidence for potentially broader implementation. Importantly, these recommendations recognize that income security represents one component of a comprehensive approach to economic wellbeing that must include complementary investments in education, healthcare, housing, and other public goods that markets alone may inadequately provide."],
    hints: "Provide balanced policy recommendations regarding basic income, considering the evidence and arguments discussed, and indicating whether you would recommend full UBI implementation, a more targeted approach, or an alternative framework.",
    expectedKeywords: ["recommendation", "policy", "implementation", "targeted", "approach", "evidence", "fiscal", "sustainability", "pilot programs", "reforms", "graduated", "framework"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for those thoughtful and balanced policy recommendations. You've done an excellent job of synthesizing the empirical, practical, and ethical dimensions of this complex policy debate. Your nuanced analysis demonstrates a sophisticated understanding of the trade-offs involved and offers pragmatic steps forward that acknowledge both the promise of basic income approaches and the legitimate concerns about implementation. This kind of thoughtful policy analysis is essential for advancing constructive dialogue on challenging social issues. Thank you for your valuable contributions to our forum.",
      partial: "Thank you for offering some policy perspectives. Could you provide more specific and balanced recommendations regarding basic income policy, indicating whether you would recommend full UBI implementation, a more targeted approach, or an alternative framework based on the evidence and arguments we've discussed?",
      incorrect: "For our final question, I'd like you to provide more specific policy recommendations regarding basic income based on our discussion, clearly indicating whether you would recommend full UBI implementation, a more targeted approach, or an alternative framework, with balanced justification for your position."
    }
  }],
  completionMessage: "Congratulations! You've successfully completed the Social Policy Debate scenario, demonstrating advanced language proficiency through your sophisticated policy analysis. Your contributions reflected nuanced understanding of complex social issues, evaluation of empirical evidence, consideration of ethical dimensions, and balanced policy recommendations. You effectively employed specialized policy vocabulary and complex grammatical structures appropriate for academic and professional policy discourse. This exercise showcased your ability to articulate well-reasoned positions, respond to counterarguments, analyze evidence critically, and develop balanced policy solutions—all essential skills for advanced English communication in academic, professional, and civic contexts.",
  learningObjectives: ["Articulate complex policy positions with nuance and precision", "Analyze empirical evidence critically in policy contexts", "Evaluate competing arguments in social policy debates", "Consider ethical dimensions of policy questions", "Develop balanced policy recommendations based on evidence and values", "Respond effectively to counterarguments in policy discussions", "Use specialized vocabulary related to social policy and economics", "Structure coherent policy arguments with clear supporting points"],
  grammar: {
    points: ["Complex sentences with multiple subordinate clauses for nuanced policy analysis", "Conditional structures for discussing policy scenarios and alternatives", "Hedging language for expressing appropriate certainty in policy contexts", "Passive voice constructions for describing policy mechanisms", "Complex noun phrases with multiple modifiers for conceptual precision", "Comparative structures for evaluating policy alternatives", "Balanced concessive structures for acknowledging competing considerations"]
  }
});
var _default = exports.default = socialPolicyDebate;
//# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,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