10cb9eb5a2f6c46a0df310312a879572
Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", {
  value: true
});
exports.default = void 0;
function cov_f751348y8() {
  var path = "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C2\\scenarios\\quantumComputingExplanation.js";
  var hash = "3252e851a579b627b10e36bff3924786a006ddac";
  var global = new Function("return this")();
  var gcv = "__coverage__";
  var coverageData = {
    path: "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C2\\scenarios\\quantumComputingExplanation.js",
    statementMap: {
      "0": {
        start: {
          line: 3,
          column: 36
        },
        end: {
          line: 210,
          column: 1
        }
      }
    },
    fnMap: {},
    branchMap: {},
    s: {
      "0": 0
    },
    f: {},
    b: {},
    _coverageSchema: "1a1c01bbd47fc00a2c39e90264f33305004495a9",
    hash: "3252e851a579b627b10e36bff3924786a006ddac"
  };
  var coverage = global[gcv] || (global[gcv] = {});
  if (!coverage[path] || coverage[path].hash !== hash) {
    coverage[path] = coverageData;
  }
  var actualCoverage = coverage[path];
  {
    cov_f751348y8 = function () {
      return actualCoverage;
    };
  }
  return actualCoverage;
}
cov_f751348y8();
var quantumComputingExplanation = (cov_f751348y8().s[0]++, {
  id: 6,
  title: "Quantum Computing Explanation",
  level: "C2",
  description: "Engage in a sophisticated discussion on quantum computing theories and applications, demonstrating mastery of complex quantum concepts, ability to analyze multifaceted quantum-classical relationships, evaluate competing technological frameworks, articulate nuanced positions on quantum supremacy and computational complexity, and communicate abstract quantum principles with exceptional precision and clarity.",
  estimatedTime: "35-40 minutes",
  vocabulary: ["quantum superposition", "quantum entanglement", "quantum decoherence", "quantum gate", "qubit", "quantum supremacy", "quantum advantage", "Bloch sphere", "quantum circuit", "quantum error correction", "topological quantum computing", "quantum annealing", "quantum teleportation", "quantum key distribution", "quantum algorithm", "Shor's algorithm", "Grover's algorithm", "quantum Fourier transform", "quantum coherence", "quantum parallelism", "quantum speedup", "Hamiltonian", "quantum tunneling", "quantum interference", "variational quantum eigensolver", "quantum approximate optimization algorithm"],
  steps: [{
    id: 1,
    botMessage: "Welcome to our advanced seminar on quantum computing theory and applications. Let's begin by exploring a fundamental question in the field: How would you evaluate the current state of quantum computing paradigms, particularly focusing on the major competing architectures such as superconducting qubits, trapped ions, photonic systems, and topological approaches? Please address their relative advantages, limitations, and potential for scaling to practical quantum computers capable of demonstrating quantum advantage in real-world applications.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The development of practical, scalable quantum computing represents one of the most promising yet challenging frontiers in computational science and engineering. Current quantum computing paradigms encompass a diverse range of physical implementations, each offering distinct advantages and facing unique obstacles in the pursuit of quantum advantage—the point at which quantum computers can solve problems beyond the practical capabilities of classical systems. Evaluating these competing architectures requires analyzing their fundamental physical properties, engineering challenges, performance characteristics, and pathways to scalability. Superconducting qubit systems, pioneered by companies like IBM, Google, and Rigetti, currently represent the most mature quantum computing architecture for medium-scale devices. These systems leverage the quantum properties of Josephson junctions—thin insulating barriers between superconducting materials—to create artificial atoms whose energy states can encode quantum information. Superconducting qubits offer several significant advantages: they can be fabricated using modified semiconductor manufacturing techniques, allowing for relatively straightforward scaling of qubit numbers; they feature strong coupling between qubits, enabling fast two-qubit gates with times in the tens of nanoseconds; and they benefit from extensive integration with classical control electronics. These advantages enabled Google's 2019 quantum supremacy demonstration using 53 superconducting qubits to perform a specific sampling task ostensibly beyond practical classical computation, and IBM's recent deployment of processors exceeding 100 qubits. However, superconducting systems face substantial limitations. They operate at extremely low temperatures (approximately 15 millikelvin), requiring complex and expensive dilution refrigeration. Their coherence times—the duration qubits maintain quantum states before environmental interactions cause decoherence—remain relatively short (typically microseconds to milliseconds), limiting the circuit depth achievable before errors overwhelm computation. Frequency crowding—the challenge of maintaining distinct operational frequencies as qubit numbers increase—complicates scaling to very large arrays. Additionally, connectivity between qubits is typically limited to nearest neighbors, creating challenges for implementing algorithms requiring long-range interactions. Despite these limitations, superconducting systems have demonstrated remarkable progress in error mitigation techniques, gate fidelities, and architectural improvements, positioning them as leading candidates for near-term practical quantum computation, particularly for variational algorithms and quantum simulation applications that can tolerate moderate error rates. Trapped ion quantum computers, developed by companies like IonQ, Honeywell/Quantinuum, and Alpine Quantum Technologies, utilize individual ions suspended in electromagnetic fields as qubits. These systems encode quantum information in the electronic or hyperfine states of ions, manipulated using precisely controlled laser pulses. Trapped ion systems offer several compelling advantages: they demonstrate exceptional coherence times (seconds to minutes), enabling deeper quantum circuits; they feature high-fidelity operations, with both single-qubit and two-qubit gates achieving fidelities exceeding 99.9%; and crucially, they provide native all-to-all connectivity between qubits, eliminating the need for complex SWAP networks required in nearest-neighbor architectures. Recent demonstrations have shown trapped ion systems executing quantum algorithms with unprecedented accuracy for modest-sized systems. However, trapped ion approaches face significant scaling challenges. While individual ion chains can maintain excellent coherence, scaling beyond approximately 50-100 ions in a single trap becomes increasingly difficult due to challenges in addressing individual ions, maintaining stable trapping conditions, and managing increasing complexity of motional modes. Advanced architectures featuring multiple interconnected traps show promise for overcoming these limitations but introduce new engineering challenges related to ion transport and inter-module communication. Additionally, trapped ion gate operations typically execute more slowly than superconducting counterparts (microseconds rather than nanoseconds), potentially limiting computational throughput in certain applications. Photonic quantum computing represents a fundamentally different approach, encoding quantum information in properties of light such as polarization, path, or time-bin degrees of freedom. Companies like Xanadu, PsiQuantum, and Quandela are developing various photonic implementations. These systems offer unique advantages: they can potentially operate at room temperature, dramatically reducing infrastructure requirements; they feature naturally high mobility of quantum information carriers; and they provide a direct interface with quantum communication systems, potentially enabling distributed quantum computing. Moreover, approaches utilizing measurement-based quantum computing, particularly with Gaussian boson sampling, have demonstrated impressive capabilities for specialized problems like simulating molecular vibronic spectra. The limitations of photonic approaches stem primarily from the probabilistic nature of entangling operations in many implementations and challenges in creating large-scale deterministic photon-photon interactions. While recent advances in integrated photonics, efficient single-photon sources, and deterministic quantum gates using weak nonlinearities show promise, creating large-scale fault-tolerant photonic quantum computers remains a substantial engineering challenge. Nevertheless, photonic systems may offer the fastest path to certain specialized quantum applications, particularly in quantum networking and specific sampling problems suited to their native capabilities. Topological quantum computing represents perhaps the most ambitious yet least mature major paradigm. This approach, pursued by Microsoft and several academic groups, aims to encode quantum information in non-Abelian anyons—exotic quasiparticles whose exchange statistics enable inherently error-protected quantum operations through topological properties. Theoretically, such systems would offer tremendous advantages: inherent error protection reducing or potentially eliminating the massive overhead associated with conventional quantum error correction; long coherence times; and simplified logical operations through braiding operations. However, topological quantum computing remains largely theoretical. Despite recent progress in creating and detecting Majorana zero modes—the most promising candidate for realizing non-Abelian anyons—definitive demonstration of their non-Abelian statistics remains elusive. The timeline for developing practical topological quantum computers likely extends significantly beyond competing approaches, but their potential for fault-tolerance without extensive error correction overhead represents a compelling long-term research direction. Beyond these primary paradigms, several alternative approaches show promise for specialized applications or as complementary technologies. Neutral atom systems, which arrange individual atoms in optical tweezer arrays, offer excellent scalability and are rapidly advancing in gate fidelities. Silicon-based quantum dots leverage extensive semiconductor manufacturing infrastructure while facing challenges in achieving uniform qubit properties. Diamond nitrogen-vacancy centers provide excellent coherence properties at relatively high temperatures but face fabrication and coupling challenges. Assessing pathways to practical quantum advantage requires considering both technical capabilities and application-specific requirements. For near-term applications exploiting noisy intermediate-scale quantum (NISQ) devices, superconducting and trapped ion systems currently demonstrate the most promising balance of qubit numbers, gate fidelities, and coherence times. These systems show potential for quantum simulation of materials and chemical systems, certain optimization problems through variational algorithms, and specialized sampling tasks. For fault-tolerant quantum computing requiring logical qubits with error correction, trapped ions may offer advantages through their higher base fidelities and connectivity, potentially reducing error correction overhead, while superconducting systems benefit from faster operations and manufacturing scalability. For quantum networking applications, photonic systems naturally excel, while stationary qubits like trapped ions or spin systems offer compelling quantum memory capabilities. The ultimate trajectory likely involves hybrid approaches leveraging complementary strengths of different quantum technologies. Modular architectures combining advantages of different qubit types, quantum transducers converting between different quantum information carriers, and heterogeneous systems optimized for specific computational tasks may collectively overcome the limitations of any single approach. In conclusion, while no quantum computing paradigm currently demonstrates clear superiority across all relevant metrics, each architecture shows promising pathways toward quantum advantage in specific domains. Superconducting systems currently lead in qubit numbers and integration with control systems; trapped ions demonstrate superior coherence and connectivity; photonic systems offer unique advantages for networking and specialized sampling problems; and topological approaches hold long-term promise for fault-tolerance. The field's rapid development, with order-of-magnitude improvements in key metrics occurring regularly, suggests that practical quantum advantage may emerge from multiple architectural approaches tailored to different application domains rather than a single dominant paradigm."],
    hints: "Evaluate current quantum computing paradigms (superconducting qubits, trapped ions, photonic systems, topological approaches), analyzing their relative advantages, limitations, and potential for scaling to practical quantum computers capable of demonstrating quantum advantage.",
    expectedKeywords: ["quantum computing", "superconducting qubits", "trapped ions", "photonic quantum computing", "topological quantum computing", "qubit", "coherence time", "gate fidelity", "quantum advantage", "quantum supremacy", "scalability", "quantum error correction", "connectivity", "Josephson junction", "dilution refrigeration", "neutral atoms", "silicon quantum dots", "NISQ", "quantum simulation", "hybrid approaches"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["quantum computing paradigms", "superconducting qubits", "trapped ions", "photonic quantum computing", "topological quantum computing", "coherence times", "gate fidelity", "quantum advantage", "quantum supremacy", "scalability challenges", "quantum error correction", "qubit connectivity", "Josephson junctions", "dilution refrigeration", "neutral atom systems", "silicon quantum dots", "NISQ devices", "quantum simulation", "hybrid quantum approaches"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation of quantum computing paradigms demonstrates exceptional technical understanding. Building on this analysis, let's explore another fundamental question in quantum information science: How would you assess the current state of quantum algorithms and their potential applications across different domains? Consider the quantum computational advantages they offer, implementation challenges on near-term quantum devices, and prospects for practical impact in fields such as cryptography, materials science, optimization, and machine learning.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of quantum computing paradigms. Could you develop your evaluation further by more explicitly addressing the relative advantages, limitations, and scaling potential of the major competing architectures (superconducting qubits, trapped ions, photonic systems, and topological approaches) for demonstrating quantum advantage?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the current state of quantum computing paradigms, particularly addressing the relative advantages, limitations, and scaling potential of the major competing architectures such as superconducting qubits, trapped ions, photonic systems, and topological approaches for demonstrating quantum advantage in practical applications."
    }
  }, {
    id: 2,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation of quantum computing paradigms demonstrates exceptional technical understanding. Building on this analysis, let's explore another fundamental question in quantum information science: How would you assess the current state of quantum algorithms and their potential applications across different domains? Consider the quantum computational advantages they offer, implementation challenges on near-term quantum devices, and prospects for practical impact in fields such as cryptography, materials science, optimization, and machine learning.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Quantum algorithms represent the theoretical foundation for quantum computational advantage—the ability of quantum computers to solve certain problems more efficiently than classical computers. The current state of quantum algorithms spans a spectrum from well-established theoretical constructs with provable advantages to emerging heuristic approaches designed for near-term hardware constraints. Assessing these algorithms requires examining their theoretical advantages, practical implementation challenges, and potential real-world impact across diverse application domains. The most well-established quantum algorithms demonstrate provable exponential speedups over the best-known classical alternatives for specific problems. Shor's algorithm for integer factorization and discrete logarithms offers an exponential speedup that threatens classical public-key cryptographic systems like RSA and ECC. This algorithm's potential to undermine current cybersecurity infrastructure has driven significant interest in quantum-resistant cryptographic systems, with NIST currently standardizing post-quantum cryptographic primitives designed to withstand quantum attacks. However, implementing Shor's algorithm for cryptographically relevant problem sizes requires fault-tolerant quantum computers with millions of physical qubits—far beyond current capabilities of 50-100 noisy qubits. Similarly, Grover's algorithm for unstructured search provides a quadratic speedup over classical alternatives, offering moderate advantages for problems ranging from cryptanalysis to optimization. While the speedup is less dramatic than Shor's algorithm, the broader applicability makes it potentially valuable across numerous domains. Quantum simulation algorithms form another well-established category with transformative potential, particularly for quantum chemistry and materials science. These algorithms leverage quantum computers' natural ability to represent quantum systems, potentially enabling efficient simulation of molecular and material properties beyond classical computational reach. Approaches like the quantum phase estimation algorithm offer exponential advantages for determining ground state energies and other properties of quantum systems, potentially revolutionizing drug discovery, catalyst design, and materials engineering. However, phase estimation algorithms require long circuit depths and error correction, limiting near-term implementation. More recent developments in variational quantum algorithms have created a bridge between theoretical quantum advantages and near-term hardware capabilities. The Variational Quantum Eigensolver (VQE) and Quantum Approximate Optimization Algorithm (QAOA) use hybrid quantum-classical approaches to address chemistry and optimization problems using shallower circuits more suitable for NISQ (Noisy Intermediate-Scale Quantum) devices. These algorithms operate by preparing parametrized quantum states and using classical optimization to iteratively improve parameters based on quantum measurements. While these approaches sacrifice the provable advantages of earlier algorithms, they offer potential near-term utility for problems where even modest improvements could have significant practical value. The current implementation challenges for quantum algorithms stem primarily from hardware limitations. NISQ devices suffer from limited coherence times, gate errors, connectivity constraints, and measurement noise. These limitations restrict practical circuit depths to tens or hundreds of operations rather than the thousands or millions required for large-scale implementations of many theoretical algorithms. Consequently, the field has bifurcated between developing quantum-error-corrected algorithms for future fault-tolerant systems and creating noise-resilient algorithms for near-term devices. For near-term applications, several domains show particular promise. Quantum chemistry applications using VQE could potentially compute properties of molecules relevant to industrial catalysis or pharmaceutical development, though current implementations remain limited to small molecules already tractable with classical methods. Optimization problems addressed through QAOA or quantum annealing might offer advantages for specific problem instances, particularly those with structure matching the native connectivity of quantum hardware. Financial modeling applications involving Monte Carlo simulations for risk assessment and derivative pricing have theoretical quantum speedups, with active research on implementing noise-robust versions on near-term hardware. Machine learning represents an emerging application domain with numerous proposed quantum algorithms. Quantum neural networks and variational circuits for classification tasks have demonstrated proof-of-principle implementations, though clear practical advantages remain elusive. More promising approaches may include quantum-enhanced feature spaces that leverage the high-dimensional Hilbert space of quantum systems to improve classification performance, and quantum algorithms for specific machine learning subroutines like solving linear systems or performing principal component analysis. The prospects for practical impact vary substantially across application domains. In cryptography, quantum algorithms have already achieved real-world impact by driving the development of post-quantum cryptographic standards before large-scale quantum computers exist. For materials science and chemistry, quantum simulation algorithms offer perhaps the most compelling path to transformative advantages, potentially enabling the design of new materials with tailored properties for energy storage, superconductivity, or industrial processes. Optimization applications face stronger competition from highly optimized classical algorithms but may find advantages for specific problem classes with quantum-friendly structures. Machine learning applications remain more speculative, with quantum advantages likely emerging first for specialized subroutines rather than end-to-end training of large models. Several factors complicate the assessment of quantum algorithmic advantage. The rapid improvement of classical algorithms, often inspired by quantum approaches, continuously raises the threshold for demonstrating quantum advantage. The challenge of fair benchmarking between emerging quantum systems and highly optimized classical implementations creates difficulty in objectively evaluating claims of advantage. Additionally, the most promising quantum applications may involve problems that are currently intractable classically, making direct performance comparisons challenging. Looking forward, several trends appear promising for expanding quantum algorithmic capabilities. Error mitigation techniques like zero-noise extrapolation and probabilistic error cancellation may extend the effective circuit depth achievable on NISQ devices, bridging the gap to fault-tolerant implementations. The development of problem-specific ansätze that incorporate domain knowledge into quantum circuit structure could enhance the performance of variational approaches. Hybrid architectures combining quantum modules for specific subtasks with classical processing may offer practical advantages before fully quantum solutions become viable. Additionally, the growing ecosystem of quantum algorithm developers and domain experts collaborating through expanded cloud access to quantum hardware has accelerated the exploration of application-specific implementations. In conclusion, the current state of quantum algorithms reveals a field in transition between theoretical promise and practical implementation. While the theoretical foundations for quantum computational advantage are well-established, translating these advantages into practical impact requires navigating hardware constraints, problem-specific considerations, and competition from continuously improving classical alternatives. The most promising near-term applications likely involve hybrid quantum-classical approaches addressing computationally intensive problems in chemistry and materials science, with longer-term potential for transformative applications in cryptography, optimization, and eventually machine learning. As quantum hardware capabilities continue to expand and algorithm development increasingly focuses on hardware-aware approaches, the gap between theoretical advantage and practical utility will progressively narrow, potentially enabling quantum computational advantage for commercially relevant applications within the coming decade."],
    hints: "Assess the current state of quantum algorithms and their potential applications across different domains, considering their computational advantages, implementation challenges on near-term devices, and prospects for practical impact in fields such as cryptography, materials science, optimization, and machine learning.",
    expectedKeywords: ["quantum algorithms", "Shor's algorithm", "Grover's algorithm", "quantum simulation", "variational quantum eigensolver", "quantum approximate optimization algorithm", "quantum machine learning", "quantum computational advantage", "NISQ", "fault tolerance", "error mitigation", "quantum cryptography", "post-quantum cryptography", "quantum chemistry", "quantum optimization", "hybrid quantum-classical", "quantum circuit depth", "quantum phase estimation", "quantum linear algebra", "implementation challenges"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["quantum algorithms", "Shor's algorithm", "Grover's algorithm", "quantum simulation algorithms", "variational quantum eigensolver", "quantum approximate optimization algorithm", "quantum machine learning", "quantum computational advantage", "NISQ devices", "fault tolerance requirements", "error mitigation techniques", "post-quantum cryptography", "quantum chemistry applications", "quantum optimization", "hybrid quantum-classical approaches", "quantum circuit depth", "quantum phase estimation", "implementation challenges", "practical quantum advantage"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your assessment of quantum algorithms demonstrates exceptional understanding of quantum information science. Let's now explore a crucial question at the interface of quantum physics and engineering: How would you analyze the current challenges and approaches in quantum error correction and fault tolerance? Consider the fundamental noise mechanisms in quantum systems, the theoretical frameworks for managing quantum errors, the practical implementation challenges on near-term devices, and the pathway toward achieving error-corrected logical qubits capable of universal quantum computation.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of quantum algorithms. Could you develop your assessment further by more explicitly addressing the quantum computational advantages they offer, implementation challenges on near-term quantum devices, and prospects for practical impact across different application domains such as cryptography, materials science, optimization, and machine learning?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on assessing the current state of quantum algorithms and their potential applications across different domains, specifically considering the quantum computational advantages they offer, implementation challenges on near-term quantum devices, and prospects for practical impact in fields such as cryptography, materials science, optimization, and machine learning."
    }
  }, {
    id: 3,
    botMessage: "Your assessment of quantum algorithms demonstrates exceptional understanding of quantum information science. Let's now explore a crucial question at the interface of quantum physics and engineering: How would you analyze the current challenges and approaches in quantum error correction and fault tolerance? Consider the fundamental noise mechanisms in quantum systems, the theoretical frameworks for managing quantum errors, the practical implementation challenges on near-term devices, and the pathway toward achieving error-corrected logical qubits capable of universal quantum computation.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Quantum error correction and fault tolerance represent fundamental challenges at the intersection of quantum physics and engineering that must be overcome to realize the full potential of quantum computing. The extreme fragility of quantum information—arising from the fundamental nature of quantum mechanics rather than merely engineering limitations—necessitates sophisticated theoretical frameworks and practical implementations to protect quantum computations from inevitable noise. Analyzing current approaches requires examining the physical origins of quantum errors, the theoretical frameworks developed to address them, practical implementation challenges, and the roadmap toward fault-tolerant quantum computation. Quantum information is inherently vulnerable to several fundamental noise mechanisms. Decoherence—the loss of quantum phase relationships due to interactions with the environment—represents the primary challenge, manifesting through phase flips (changing the relative phase between quantum states) and amplitude damping (energy loss leading to state decay). Additional error mechanisms include control errors in gate operations, crosstalk between qubits, and readout errors during measurement. Unlike classical errors, which are discrete bit flips, quantum errors exist in a continuous space, as qubits can occupy superposition states. Furthermore, the quantum no-cloning theorem prevents the straightforward redundancy approaches used in classical error correction, creating the need for fundamentally different strategies. The theoretical framework of quantum error correction addresses these challenges through several ingenious approaches. The foundational insight, developed by Shor, Steane, and others in the mid-1990s, involves encoding logical qubits across multiple physical qubits in a way that preserves quantum information while allowing errors to be detected and corrected without directly measuring (and thus disturbing) the encoded information. This is achieved by mapping quantum information into specialized subspaces of a larger Hilbert space, creating quantum error correcting codes. Surface codes represent the most practically promising family of quantum error correcting codes. These codes arrange physical qubits in a two-dimensional lattice, encoding logical information in topological properties that are protected against local errors. Surface codes offer several advantages: they require only nearest-neighbor interactions between qubits, tolerate relatively high physical error rates (approximately 1%), and can be implemented using simple syndrome measurement circuits. However, they impose significant qubit overhead, requiring hundreds to thousands of physical qubits per logical qubit depending on error rates and desired logical performance. Alternative code families include color codes, which potentially offer more efficient implementation of certain logical operations but generally demand lower physical error rates, and concatenated codes, which provide theoretical insights but typically require impractically low error rates for implementation. Beyond specific codes, the threshold theorem represents a crucial theoretical result establishing that arbitrarily long quantum computations can be performed reliably if physical error rates fall below a code-specific threshold and sufficient resources are available for error correction. This theorem provides the theoretical foundation for fault-tolerant quantum computing while establishing the engineering targets for quantum hardware development. The practical implementation of quantum error correction faces substantial challenges. Current quantum devices operate in the NISQ (Noisy Intermediate-Scale Quantum) regime, with physical error rates typically between 10^-2 and 10^-3 per gate—marginally approaching but not consistently below the approximately 10^-3 to 10^-4 thresholds required for surface codes. Furthermore, implementing error correction requires allocating qubits to syndrome measurements and performing additional operations that themselves introduce errors, creating a complex optimization problem to achieve net benefits from error correction. Initial demonstrations of quantum error correction have shown promising results but remain limited in scale. Recent experiments have demonstrated logical qubits with lifetimes exceeding those of their constituent physical qubits, validating the core principle of error correction. Small-scale implementations of error detecting codes have successfully identified errors without destroying quantum information. However, these demonstrations typically involve only a handful of physical qubits encoding a single logical qubit, far from the scale required for practical fault-tolerant computation. The most significant practical challenge involves the substantial resource overhead of quantum error correction. Creating a single fault-tolerant logical qubit from physical qubits with 10^-3 error rates typically requires hundreds to thousands of physical qubits. Implementing fault-tolerant logical operations introduces additional complexity, as most operations cannot be performed transversally (directly on encoded qubits) but instead require complex protocols like magic state distillation that introduce further overhead. Consequently, practical fault-tolerant quantum computers capable of solving classically intractable problems may require millions of physical qubits—orders of magnitude beyond current capabilities. The path toward fault-tolerant quantum computation involves several parallel approaches. The most straightforward but challenging route focuses on improving physical qubit performance, with intensive engineering efforts to reduce error rates through better materials, fabrication techniques, control systems, and isolation from environmental noise. If physical error rates can be pushed significantly below current error correction thresholds, the overhead requirements become substantially more manageable. A complementary strategy involves developing more resource-efficient quantum error correcting codes. Recent theoretical advances in tailored codes optimize protection against the specific error channels predominant in particular physical implementations. Bosonic codes, which encode quantum information in infinite-dimensional systems like harmonic oscillators rather than two-level qubits, offer unique advantages for certain physical platforms. Additionally, promising approaches employ small error correcting codes to create 'logical building blocks' with improved error properties that can then be integrated into larger architectures, potentially providing a more gradual path to fault tolerance than the traditional model requiring simultaneous deployment of large-scale error correction. Several error mitigation techniques have emerged to bridge the gap between current NISQ devices and fully fault-tolerant systems. Unlike true error correction, these approaches cannot indefinitely suppress errors for arbitrary computations but can significantly improve performance for specific algorithms and modest circuit depths. Zero-noise extrapolation executes circuits at multiple noise levels and extrapolates results to estimate zero-noise outcomes. Probabilistic error cancellation characterizes noise processes and applies their inverse operations statistically through additional circuit elements. These techniques enable limited error suppression without the massive qubit overhead of full error correction, potentially allowing meaningful quantum computations before fault-tolerant systems become available. Looking forward, several milestones will mark progress toward fault-tolerant quantum computation. The demonstration of a logical qubit outperforming physical qubits across all relevant metrics (coherence time, gate fidelities, etc.) represents a crucial near-term goal. Subsequently, implementing fault-tolerant logical operations between multiple logical qubits will demonstrate the scalability of error correction approaches. The eventual implementation of error-corrected algorithms with demonstrated quantum advantage over classical alternatives would represent the culmination of these efforts, establishing practical fault-tolerant quantum computation. The timeline for achieving these milestones remains uncertain, with estimates ranging from years to decades depending on the rate of progress in both hardware capabilities and theoretical innovations. In conclusion, quantum error correction and fault tolerance represent both the most significant challenge and the most crucial enabler for practical quantum computing. While the theoretical foundations are well-established and small-scale demonstrations have validated key principles, the practical implementation of fault-tolerant quantum computation requires substantial advances in both hardware capabilities and resource-efficient error correction protocols. The field currently exists in a transitional period between proof-of-principle demonstrations and practical implementation, with error mitigation techniques providing an intermediate path toward useful quantum computations. As physical error rates continue to improve and more efficient error correction schemes are developed, the resources required for fault tolerance will gradually become more practical, eventually enabling the full computational power promised by quantum algorithms."],
    hints: "Analyze the current challenges and approaches in quantum error correction and fault tolerance, addressing fundamental noise mechanisms in quantum systems, theoretical frameworks for managing quantum errors, practical implementation challenges on near-term devices, and the pathway toward achieving error-corrected logical qubits.",
    expectedKeywords: ["quantum error correction", "fault tolerance", "decoherence", "quantum noise", "surface codes", "error threshold", "logical qubit", "physical qubit", "error rates", "quantum error correcting codes", "syndrome measurement", "transversal gates", "magic state distillation", "stabilizer formalism", "topological codes", "quantum supremacy", "NISQ devices", "error mitigation", "gate fidelity", "fault-tolerant threshold"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your analysis of quantum error correction and fault tolerance demonstrates remarkable technical sophistication. Let's now examine a question at the intersection of quantum computing and practical applications: How would you evaluate quantum computing's potential impact on cryptography and information security? Consider the implications of quantum algorithms for current cryptographic systems, the development of post-quantum cryptographic standards, quantum key distribution and quantum cryptographic approaches, and strategies for transitioning existing security infrastructure to become quantum-resistant.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of quantum error correction and fault tolerance. Could you develop your analysis further by more explicitly addressing the fundamental noise mechanisms in quantum systems, the theoretical frameworks for managing quantum errors, the practical implementation challenges on near-term devices, and the pathway toward achieving error-corrected logical qubits capable of universal quantum computation?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the current challenges and approaches in quantum error correction and fault tolerance, specifically addressing the fundamental noise mechanisms in quantum systems, the theoretical frameworks for managing quantum errors, the practical implementation challenges on near-term devices, and the pathway toward achieving error-corrected logical qubits capable of universal quantum computation."
    }
  }, {
    id: 4,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of quantum error correction and fault tolerance demonstrates remarkable technical sophistication. Let's now examine a question at the intersection of quantum computing and practical applications: How would you evaluate quantum computing's potential impact on cryptography and information security? Consider the implications of quantum algorithms for current cryptographic systems, the development of post-quantum cryptographic standards, quantum key distribution and quantum cryptographic approaches, and strategies for transitioning existing security infrastructure to become quantum-resistant.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Quantum computing's relationship with cryptography and information security represents a fascinating duality—posing perhaps the most significant threat to current security infrastructure while simultaneously offering novel mechanisms for establishing information-theoretically secure communications. Evaluating quantum computing's impact requires analyzing both the vulnerabilities it creates in conventional cryptography and the new security paradigms it enables, as well as the practical challenges of transitioning global information security systems to maintain confidentiality and integrity in a post-quantum world. The most direct and significant impact of quantum computing on cryptography stems from specific quantum algorithms that can efficiently solve mathematical problems underpinning widely deployed public-key cryptographic systems. Shor's algorithm, published in 1994, demonstrates that quantum computers can efficiently factor large integers and compute discrete logarithms, directly compromising the security of RSA, DSA, ECDSA, and related public-key cryptographic systems that secure most internet communications, financial transactions, and digital signatures. While requiring substantial fault-tolerant quantum resources beyond current capabilities, the mere theoretical possibility of Shor's algorithm has profound implications for long-term information security, particularly for data requiring extended confidentiality periods. The National Institute of Standards and Technology estimates that a quantum computer with approximately 4,000-8,000 logical qubits could break 2048-bit RSA encryption in a matter of hours, though realizing such a machine may require millions of physical qubits with current error correction approaches. Grover's algorithm poses a more moderate but broader threat, offering a quadratic speedup for attacking symmetric cryptographic systems like AES and hash functions. While less dramatic than Shor's exponential advantage, this speedup effectively halves the security strength of symmetric cryptographic primitives—for instance, reducing 128-bit AES security to approximately 64-bit equivalent strength against quantum attacks. Consequently, many security experts recommend doubling key lengths for symmetric systems to maintain equivalent security levels in a post-quantum environment. Fortunately, unlike the asymmetric case, this adjustment represents a relatively manageable transition for most symmetric cryptographic implementations. The security threat posed by quantum computing has catalyzed extensive research into post-quantum cryptography (PQC)—classical cryptographic systems resistant to both conventional and quantum attacks. These approaches rely on alternative mathematical problems believed to resist efficient quantum algorithms. The main PQC families include lattice-based cryptography, which bases security on the difficulty of finding shortest vectors in high-dimensional lattices; code-based cryptography, relying on the hardness of decoding general linear codes; multivariate cryptography, using the difficulty of solving systems of multivariate polynomial equations; hash-based signatures, whose security derives from the properties of cryptographic hash functions; and isogeny-based cryptography, which leverages complex mathematical relationships between elliptic curves. NIST initiated a standardization process for post-quantum cryptographic algorithms in 2016, advancing to its fourth round with several promising candidates. In July 2022, NIST selected CRYSTALS-Kyber (a lattice-based key encapsulation mechanism) and three signature algorithms (CRYSTALS-Dilithium, FALCON, and SPHINCS+) for standardization, with additional candidates under continued evaluation. These algorithms offer varying tradeoffs between key size, computational efficiency, and security assurance. While establishing quantum-resistant standards represents significant progress, transitioning existing infrastructure presents enormous practical challenges. Global systems contain countless cryptographic implementations across diverse platforms, from high-performance data centers to resource-constrained embedded devices and legacy systems with limited upgrade capabilities. Many implementations hardcode specific cryptographic assumptions or have constrained environments unable to support the typically larger keys and more computationally intensive operations of post-quantum algorithms. Consequently, transition strategies must balance security requirements against practical deployment constraints. Hybrid approaches, which combine conventional and post-quantum methods, offer one promising transition strategy. These approaches maintain backward compatibility while incrementally introducing quantum resistance, typically by combining key establishment from both traditional and post-quantum algorithms. Current TLS implementations are exploring such hybrid key exchange mechanisms, potentially allowing gradual ecosystem transition while maintaining compatibility with existing systems. Nevertheless, complete infrastructure transition will likely require decades—potentially overlapping with the emergence of cryptographically relevant quantum computers and creating a critical security timeline challenge. While quantum computing threatens conventional cryptography, it simultaneously enables novel quantum cryptographic approaches providing unique security guarantees. Quantum key distribution (QKD), first proposed in the BB84 protocol, leverages fundamental quantum mechanical principles—particularly the no-cloning theorem and measurement disturbance—to establish shared keys between parties with information-theoretic security rather than computational security. QKD systems can detect eavesdropping attempts through increased error rates caused by measurement disturbance, allowing users to discard potentially compromised keys. Commercial QKD systems already operate in limited deployments, though primarily in specialized high-security environments due to significant practical limitations. Current QKD implementations face several constraints: they typically require dedicated optical fiber connections with limited distance (approximately 100-200 km without quantum repeaters); they offer relatively low key generation rates; they remain vulnerable to side-channel attacks targeting implementation flaws rather than the underlying protocol; and they address only the key distribution aspect of security rather than providing complete cryptographic solutions. Additionally, QKD requires authenticated classical communication channels to prevent man-in-the-middle attacks, typically relying on conventional cryptographic mechanisms that themselves may be vulnerable to quantum attacks. Beyond QKD, more advanced quantum cryptographic protocols offer additional capabilities. Quantum digital signatures provide unforgeable authentication with information-theoretic security guarantees. Secure quantum multiparty computation protocols enable joint computation while preserving input privacy. Quantum secret sharing allows splitting sensitive information across multiple parties requiring collaboration for reconstruction. While these advanced protocols remain largely theoretical or confined to laboratory demonstrations, they illustrate quantum information's potential to revolutionize security paradigms beyond merely addressing vulnerabilities in conventional approaches. A balanced evaluation of quantum computing's cryptographic impact must consider both timelines and threat models. Cryptographically relevant quantum computers capable of breaking RSA-2048 likely remain at least a decade away, with more conservative estimates suggesting several decades of development required. However, the 'harvest now, decrypt later' strategy—where adversaries collect encrypted data now for later decryption once quantum computing capabilities mature—creates immediate security concerns for information requiring long-term confidentiality. Organizations must evaluate their specific threat models, considering factors like required security lifetimes, adversary capabilities and resources, and the sensitivity of protected information. Critical infrastructure, government communications, financial systems, healthcare records, and intellectual property with long-term value face particularly acute risks requiring earlier mitigation. Practical transition strategies must address several key challenges. Cryptographic agility—designing systems that can easily transition between different cryptographic primitives without extensive rearchitecting—represents a crucial near-term priority. Maintaining awareness of post-quantum standardization efforts and implementing hybrid approaches when practical provides incremental security improvements while standards mature. Organizations should inventory cryptographic assets, prioritizing systems protecting the most sensitive information with the longest security lifetime requirements. For new systems, designing with post-quantum considerations from the outset avoids costly retrofitting later. Several industries face unique transition challenges. Financial services must balance security requirements against transaction performance needs, with some post-quantum algorithms imposing significant computational overhead. Healthcare systems contain numerous legacy devices with limited update capabilities yet process highly sensitive information requiring long-term protection. Telecommunications infrastructure forms the backbone for secure communications but includes equipment with decades-long deployment lifecycles, creating complex upgrade dependencies. Government and military systems often have the most stringent security requirements but also the most diverse deployment environments, from high-performance intelligence systems to field-deployed tactical networks with severe resource constraints. In conclusion, quantum computing represents both an unprecedented threat to conventional cryptographic security and an enabler of novel security paradigms with unique guarantees. While the timeline for developing cryptographically relevant quantum computers remains uncertain, the extensive infrastructure transition requirements necessitate proactive preparation. Post-quantum cryptographic standards provide the foundation for this transition, though implementing these standards across global systems presents enormous technical and organizational challenges. Balancing security requirements against practical deployment constraints will require careful planning, prioritization based on risk assessment, and potentially decades of coordinated effort across industry, government, and academic stakeholders. The security community must navigate this transition period thoughtfully to maintain information security through what may be the most significant cryptographic paradigm shift in digital history."],
    hints: "Evaluate quantum computing's potential impact on cryptography and information security, addressing implications of quantum algorithms for current cryptographic systems, development of post-quantum standards, quantum key distribution approaches, and strategies for transitioning to quantum-resistant infrastructure.",
    expectedKeywords: ["Shor's algorithm", "cryptography", "post-quantum cryptography", "quantum key distribution", "RSA", "public-key cryptography", "encryption", "Grover's algorithm", "NIST", "lattice-based cryptography", "quantum-resistant algorithms", "cryptographic transition", "information security", "BB84 protocol", "quantum cryptanalysis", "cryptographic agility", "hybrid cryptography", "security infrastructure", "quantum supremacy", "cryptographic standards"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["Shor's algorithm", "post-quantum cryptography", "quantum key distribution", "public-key cryptography", "RSA encryption", "Grover's algorithm", "NIST standardization process", "lattice-based cryptography", "quantum-resistant algorithms", "cryptographic transition", "information security implications", "BB84 protocol", "quantum cryptanalysis", "cryptographic agility", "hybrid cryptographic approaches", "security infrastructure transition", "harvest now, decrypt later", "post-quantum standards", "quantum threat timeline", "cryptographic paradigm shift"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation of quantum computing's impact on cryptography and information security demonstrates exceptional technical understanding. Let's now explore a question at the intersection of quantum technology and society: How would you analyze the ethical, societal, and geopolitical implications of quantum computing development? Consider issues such as access inequality, implications for scientific research and discovery, national security concerns, potential applications in artificial intelligence and simulation, and approaches to responsible governance of quantum technologies.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of quantum computing's impact on cryptography and information security. Could you develop your evaluation further by more explicitly addressing the implications of quantum algorithms for current cryptographic systems, the development of post-quantum cryptographic standards, quantum key distribution approaches, and strategies for transitioning existing security infrastructure to become quantum-resistant?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating quantum computing's potential impact on cryptography and information security, specifically addressing the implications of quantum algorithms for current cryptographic systems, the development of post-quantum cryptographic standards, quantum key distribution and quantum cryptographic approaches, and strategies for transitioning existing security infrastructure to become quantum-resistant."
    }
  }, {
    id: 5,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation of quantum computing's impact on cryptography and information security demonstrates exceptional technical understanding. Let's now explore a question at the intersection of quantum technology and society: How would you analyze the ethical, societal, and geopolitical implications of quantum computing development? Consider issues such as access inequality, implications for scientific research and discovery, national security concerns, potential applications in artificial intelligence and simulation, and approaches to responsible governance of quantum technologies.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The development of quantum computing technology represents not merely a technical advancement but a potentially transformative force with profound ethical, societal, and geopolitical implications. Analyzing these implications requires examining how quantum technologies may reshape power dynamics, scientific progress, economic structures, and security paradigms, while considering governance approaches that maximize benefits while mitigating risks. The equitable distribution of access to quantum computing capabilities represents a fundamental ethical consideration. Current quantum computing development demands extraordinary resources—specialized technical expertise, substantial financial investment, advanced fabrication facilities, and rare materials—creating significant barriers to entry. Consequently, quantum capabilities are concentrating among wealthy nations, large technology corporations, and elite research institutions, potentially exacerbating existing digital divides and power imbalances. This concentration raises justice concerns regarding who benefits from and shapes quantum technologies. Early quantum advantages will likely emerge in specialized applications rather than general-purpose computing, potentially creating winner-take-all dynamics in sectors like pharmaceutical development, materials science, financial optimization, and cryptanalysis, where even modest computational edges translate to substantial competitive advantages. Without deliberate governance interventions, quantum technologies may reinforce existing inequalities or create new disparities between quantum-capable and quantum-limited entities. Several approaches could promote more equitable access. Cloud-based quantum computing services, already emerging from companies like IBM, Amazon, and Microsoft, potentially democratize access to quantum resources without requiring direct hardware development capabilities. Open-source quantum software frameworks enable broader participation in algorithm development. International collaboration initiatives and capacity-building programs can help distribute quantum expertise globally. However, these approaches face limitations: cloud access provides utility but not sovereignty over the technology; export controls and intellectual property protections restrict knowledge transfer; and quantum expertise remains concentrated in a small number of institutions worldwide. For scientific research and discovery, quantum computing promises to transform capabilities across numerous fields. Quantum simulation may enable unprecedented insights into quantum mechanical systems, potentially revolutionizing materials science by facilitating the discovery of room-temperature superconductors, more efficient catalysts, better batteries, and novel materials with tailored properties. In chemistry and pharmaceutical development, quantum computers may significantly accelerate drug discovery by enabling more accurate molecular simulations. Climate science could benefit from enhanced modeling capabilities for complex environmental systems. High-energy physics, cosmology, and other fundamental sciences may leverage quantum computational power to test theories and analyze experimental data that exceed classical computational limits. These scientific advances could yield profound societal benefits, from more efficient energy systems addressing climate change to breakthrough medical treatments. However, they also raise questions about who directs and benefits from these scientific advances. As with earlier technological revolutions, quantum computing's scientific applications will reflect the priorities, values, and interests of those controlling the technology. This raises important questions about research prioritization—whether quantum computing development will primarily serve commercial interests, national security objectives, or broader human needs. The national security implications of quantum computing development are particularly significant, potentially reshaping geopolitical power balances. The most immediate security concern involves quantum computing's cryptographic implications, threatening to undermine the public-key infrastructure securing government communications, military systems, critical infrastructure, and international financial networks. Nations achieving advanced quantum capabilities could potentially access previously secure information, creating significant intelligence and security advantages. This dynamic is driving a global quantum competition with significant national investments from the United States, China, European Union, Japan, Canada, Australia, and others, who view quantum leadership as essential for economic competitiveness and national security. Beyond cryptography, quantum sensing technologies may create military advantages through enhanced detection capabilities, potentially undermining stealth technologies or enabling previously impossible forms of surveillance. Quantum communication networks might provide unhackable channels for sensitive information transfer. These security implications create complex international relations dynamics, including debates about export controls, talent mobility restrictions, and intellectual property protections for quantum technologies. The competition for quantum advantage exhibits characteristics of a security dilemma, where actions taken by one nation to increase its security through quantum development potentially threaten others, spurring further quantum investments and potentially leading to resource-draining technology races. Quantum computing's relationship with artificial intelligence creates another layer of societal implications. Quantum machine learning algorithms might enable pattern recognition and optimization capabilities beyond classical limitations, potentially enhancing AI performance in specific domains. While claims about quantum AI advantages often exceed current evidence, quantum approaches could eventually enhance capabilities for certain machine learning tasks, complex optimization problems, and simulation-based training. These developments could accelerate both AI's benefits and risks, potentially widening the capability gap between the most advanced AI systems and others. If quantum computing substantially enhances AI capabilities, questions about AI ethics, safety, and governance become even more pressing. The governance of quantum technologies faces several distinctive challenges. Quantum development occurs at the intersection of academic research, corporate innovation, and national security interests, creating complex stakeholder landscapes with divergent priorities. The technology's dual-use nature—serving both civilian and military applications—complicates regulatory approaches. The field's technical complexity creates governance challenges, as few policymakers possess the specialized knowledge required to develop effective regulatory frameworks. Additionally, quantum effects themselves resist easy explanation through classical intuitions, creating communication barriers between technical and policy communities. Several governance approaches show promise despite these challenges. Standards development for quantum technology benchmarking, security, and interoperability can establish shared technical foundations while incorporating ethical considerations. Responsible innovation frameworks can integrate societal and ethical considerations throughout the research and development process rather than treating them as afterthoughts. International cooperation mechanisms, including research collaborations, talent exchange programs, and diplomatic initiatives addressing quantum security implications, can help manage competitive dynamics while promoting beneficial applications. Specialized governance institutions with appropriate technical expertise can develop more effective regulatory approaches than general technology governance bodies. The time dimension adds complexity to quantum governance, as the technology remains in relatively early developmental stages despite rapid advances. This creates both challenges and opportunities: uncertainty about timeline and capabilities complicates planning, but the technology's pre-deployment status allows for proactive governance approaches incorporating ethical and societal considerations before capabilities fully mature and deployments become widespread. This contrasts favorably with reactive governance patterns seen with previous technological revolutions, where regulatory frameworks developed primarily in response to harms rather than anticipating them. Looking forward, several priorities emerge for responsible quantum development. Enhancing quantum literacy among policymakers, business leaders, and civil society is essential for informed decision-making about quantum technologies. Developing internationally recognized principles for responsible quantum innovation can help guide research and development across jurisdictions. Creating inclusive forums for stakeholder participation in quantum governance, particularly including perspectives from developing nations and marginalized communities, can help ensure more equitable outcomes. Establishing monitoring mechanisms for tracking quantum technology development and implications can support adaptive governance approaches responding to the technology's evolution. In conclusion, quantum computing's ethical, societal, and geopolitical implications extend far beyond technical considerations, potentially reshaping fundamental aspects of economic systems, security paradigms, scientific progress, and global power dynamics. While the technology's full implications remain uncertain and contingent on development pathways, proactive governance approaches can help steer quantum innovation toward broadly beneficial outcomes while mitigating potential harms. Balancing innovation with responsible development, competition with cooperation, and security with openness represents the central challenge for quantum technology governance in the coming decades. By addressing these considerations thoughtfully while quantum capabilities continue maturing, humanity has an opportunity to harness this revolutionary technology's benefits while managing its risks more effectively than with previous technological revolutions."],
    hints: "Analyze the ethical, societal, and geopolitical implications of quantum computing development, addressing issues such as access inequality, implications for scientific research, national security concerns, potential applications in artificial intelligence, and approaches to responsible governance of quantum technologies.",
    expectedKeywords: ["quantum computing ethics", "digital divide", "technological inequality", "quantum advantage", "scientific discovery", "national security", "quantum arms race", "geopolitical implications", "quantum AI", "quantum simulation", "responsible innovation", "technology governance", "dual-use technology", "quantum literacy", "international cooperation", "quantum standards", "access democratization", "quantum cloud services", "global competition", "quantum security"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your analysis of quantum computing's broader implications demonstrates exceptional interdisciplinary understanding. For our final question, let's explore a technical topic at the frontier of quantum information science: How would you evaluate the relationship between quantum computing and quantum sensing/metrology applications? Consider the shared theoretical foundations, technical overlaps in implementation, distinct challenges, and potential synergies between quantum computing and quantum sensing technologies.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of quantum computing's broader implications. Could you develop your analysis further by more explicitly addressing issues such as access inequality, implications for scientific research and discovery, national security concerns, potential applications in artificial intelligence and simulation, and approaches to responsible governance of quantum technologies?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the ethical, societal, and geopolitical implications of quantum computing development, specifically addressing issues such as access inequality, implications for scientific research and discovery, national security concerns, potential applications in artificial intelligence and simulation, and approaches to responsible governance of quantum technologies."
    }
  }, {
    id: 6,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of quantum computing's broader implications demonstrates exceptional interdisciplinary understanding. For our final question, let's explore a technical topic at the frontier of quantum information science: How would you evaluate the relationship between quantum computing and quantum sensing/metrology applications? Consider the shared theoretical foundations, technical overlaps in implementation, distinct challenges, and potential synergies between quantum computing and quantum sensing technologies.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Quantum computing and quantum sensing represent two distinct but deeply interconnected branches of quantum information science, sharing fundamental theoretical foundations while developing along somewhat different technological trajectories with unique challenges and applications. Evaluating their relationship requires examining their shared quantum mechanical underpinnings, technical implementation overlaps, distinctive requirements, and emerging synergies that increasingly blur the boundaries between these quantum technologies. Both quantum computing and quantum sensing derive their potential advantages from the same fundamental quantum mechanical phenomena—superposition, entanglement, and measurement—though they harness these properties toward different ends. Quantum computing leverages superposition and entanglement to perform computational operations across exponentially large state spaces, enabling certain algorithms to achieve advantages over classical approaches. Quantum sensing exploits these same phenomena to achieve measurement precision beyond classical limits, particularly utilizing quantum entanglement to surpass the standard quantum limit (SQL) and approach the ultimate Heisenberg limit of measurement precision. Both fields rely on the unusual sensitivity of quantum systems to external influences—a characteristic that represents both a challenge for maintaining quantum coherence in computing and an exploitable feature for detecting minute signals in sensing. The theoretical connections between computing and sensing extend to formal understanding of quantum resources and their utilization. Quantum Fisher information provides a unified theoretical framework connecting quantum metrology precision to entanglement properties, with direct relationships to quantum computational concepts like circuit complexity and quantum error correction. Similarly, quantum channel discrimination—determining which quantum process has affected a system—represents both a fundamental sensing task and a building block for quantum algorithms. These theoretical connections increasingly enable cross-fertilization between algorithm development and sensor optimization. Technical implementation overlaps between quantum computing and sensing are substantial, with many quantum systems serving both purposes through different operational modes. Superconducting circuits—the leading quantum computing platform—can function as exquisitely sensitive magnetometers, electrometers, and microwave photon detectors. Trapped ions serve as both qubits for computation and precision frequency references for atomic clocks. Nitrogen-vacancy centers in diamond operate as room-temperature quantum sensors for magnetic fields, electric fields, and temperature while simultaneously being explored as quantum computing nodes. This dual functionality creates natural pathways for technology transfer between computing and sensing applications while enabling hybrid systems that perform both functions. However, quantum computing and sensing also face distinct technical challenges reflecting their different objectives. Quantum computing requires maintaining coherence across many qubits for extended operation sequences, necessitating extreme isolation from environmental influences that could cause decoherence. Scaling to useful computational advantages typically requires large qubit arrays with precise control and interconnection. In contrast, quantum sensing intentionally exposes quantum systems to the environment they measure, requiring controlled interaction with specific environmental parameters while maintaining isolation from other noise sources. Many sensing applications prioritize operating in realistic environments (ambient temperature, atmospheric pressure, field deployability) over achieving the longest possible coherence times in laboratory conditions. These different priorities create divergent engineering challenges despite the shared quantum foundations. Recent advances in quantum error correction and fault tolerance span both computing and sensing applications, with increasing recognition that similar techniques can enhance both computational robustness and sensing precision. Dynamical decoupling sequences, originally developed to extend qubit coherence for computation, now serve as the foundation for quantum sensing protocols that filter environmental signals. Quantum error correction codes, primarily developed for fault-tolerant computation, increasingly find applications in quantum metrology for enhancing measurement precision beyond what uncorrected quantum sensors could achieve. These technical convergences highlight the deep connections between computing and sensing at both theoretical and practical levels. Quantum sensing and metrology encompass diverse application areas with varying relationships to quantum computing. Atomic clocks represent one of the most mature quantum sensing technologies, using transitions between quantum states to provide unprecedented timing precision for applications from global navigation to fundamental physics tests. Quantum imaging leverages entangled photons to enhance resolution, reduce noise, or enable imaging modalities impossible with classical light. Quantum magnetic field sensors based on systems like nitrogen-vacancy centers achieve sensitivities capable of detecting single nuclear spins, enabling applications from materials characterization to biomedical imaging. Quantum inertial sensors and accelerometers using atom interferometry can detect minute gravitational variations with applications in geophysical surveying, navigation, and fundamental physics. These sensing applications vary in their technical maturity, with some already deployed in specialized commercial applications while others remain primarily research demonstrations. The differing maturity levels between quantum computing and various sensing technologies create opportunities for sensing applications to provide near-term practical value and commercial pathways while computing capabilities continue developing toward fault tolerance. Several emerging synergies between quantum computing and sensing show particular promise. Quantum sensor networks, comprising distributed quantum sensors with entangled states, can achieve measurement precision beyond what disconnected sensors would allow. The calibration, control, and data processing for such networks increasingly rely on quantum computing techniques for entanglement distribution and optimal measurement extraction. Conversely, quantum sensing techniques enable enhanced characterization and calibration of quantum computing hardware, improving qubit performance through better understanding of noise environments and control field precision. Quantum machine learning algorithms running on quantum computers show potential for processing complex sensor data more efficiently than classical approaches, particularly for datasets with inherent quantum features. Perhaps most fundamentally, hybrid quantum systems increasingly integrate sensing and computational functionality, creating devices that can sense, process, and transmit quantum information within unified architectures. Looking toward practical applications, several domains demonstrate the complementary nature of quantum computing and sensing. In materials science, quantum sensors can characterize novel materials at atomic scales, while quantum computers may simulate material properties to guide development. For drug discovery, quantum sensors enable precise measurements of molecular interactions, while quantum computers hold promise for simulating complex biomolecular systems. In navigation, quantum inertial sensors could provide drift-free positioning, while quantum computing algorithms optimize route planning in complex environments. Financial services might leverage both quantum optimization algorithms for portfolio management and quantum-enhanced time synchronization for high-frequency trading. These application synergies suggest that integrated quantum technology strategies encompassing both computing and sensing capabilities may prove more valuable than isolated development of either technology independently. The technical communities developing quantum computing and sensing have traditionally operated somewhat separately, with distinct conferences, journals, and research priorities. However, the increasing recognition of synergies between these fields has led to growing convergence in research communities, funding initiatives, and technical roadmaps. Major quantum research centers increasingly pursue integrated approaches spanning computing, sensing, and communications rather than focusing exclusively on any single quantum technology domain. This convergence accelerates technical progress through cross-disciplinary insights while creating more comprehensive approaches to quantum technology development. The developmental timelines for quantum computing and sensing differ significantly, creating strategic considerations for research investment and technology planning. Many quantum sensing applications have already achieved practical utility and commercial deployment, with examples including NV-based magnetometers, commercial atomic clocks, and quantum-enhanced imaging systems. In contrast, quantum computing applications delivering clear practical advantages remain largely prospective, with most experts anticipating years to decades before fault-tolerant systems enable transformative applications. This timing differential suggests that quantum sensing may provide both nearer-term returns on quantum technology investments and a transitional application domain where quantum advantages demonstrate practical value while computing capabilities continue maturing. In conclusion, quantum computing and quantum sensing/metrology represent deeply interconnected branches of quantum information science with bidirectional technology transfer, shared theoretical foundations, and complementary application domains. Rather than viewing these as separate technologies, an integrated perspective recognizing their fundamental connections and emerging synergies offers the most productive framework for advancing quantum technologies broadly. The most promising development strategies will likely leverage the relative maturity of certain sensing applications to demonstrate near-term quantum advantages while building technological capabilities applicable to both sensing and computing applications. As these technologies continue advancing, the traditional boundaries between quantum computing and sensing will likely blur further, creating integrated quantum systems that seamlessly incorporate measurement, processing, and communication of quantum information."],
    hints: "Evaluate the relationship between quantum computing and quantum sensing/metrology applications, analyzing shared theoretical foundations, technical overlaps in implementation, distinct challenges, and potential synergies between quantum computing and quantum sensing technologies.",
    expectedKeywords: ["quantum sensing", "quantum metrology", "superposition", "entanglement", "quantum Fisher information", "standard quantum limit", "Heisenberg limit", "atomic clocks", "nitrogen-vacancy centers", "magnetometry", "atom interferometry", "quantum imaging", "dynamical decoupling", "quantum error correction", "quantum advantage", "quantum sensor networks", "coherence time", "quantum noise", "environmental interaction", "quantum resources"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["quantum sensing applications", "quantum metrology", "superposition states", "quantum entanglement", "quantum Fisher information", "standard quantum limit", "Heisenberg limit", "atomic clocks", "nitrogen-vacancy centers", "quantum magnetometry", "atom interferometry", "quantum imaging", "dynamical decoupling sequences", "quantum error correction", "quantum advantage", "quantum sensor networks", "coherence times", "quantum noise sources", "controlled environmental interaction", "quantum resource theory"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that exceptional evaluation of quantum computing and quantum sensing relationships. Your discussion throughout this seminar has demonstrated remarkable mastery of complex quantum concepts and sophisticated theoretical understanding. You've shown extraordinary ability to analyze quantum-classical relationships, evaluate competing technological frameworks, and articulate nuanced positions with exceptional clarity and precision. This concludes our advanced seminar on quantum computing explanation.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of the relationship between quantum computing and quantum sensing. Could you develop your evaluation further by more explicitly addressing the shared theoretical foundations, technical overlaps in implementation, distinct challenges, and potential synergies between quantum computing and quantum sensing technologies?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the relationship between quantum computing and quantum sensing/metrology applications, specifically addressing the shared theoretical foundations, technical overlaps in implementation, distinct challenges, and potential synergies between quantum computing and quantum sensing technologies."
    }
  }],
  completionMessage: "Congratulations! You've successfully completed the Quantum Computing Explanation scenario, demonstrating exceptional mastery of complex quantum concepts and communication skills. Your responses showed sophisticated understanding of quantum-classical relationships, ability to analyze multifaceted quantum computing paradigms, and skill in articulating nuanced positions with remarkable precision and clarity. You effectively employed specialized quantum computing vocabulary and complex grammatical structures appropriate for high-level academic discourse in quantum information science. This exercise showcased your ability to evaluate competing technological frameworks, synthesize evidence across different implementation approaches, and communicate abstract quantum principles with exceptional fluency—all essential skills for mastery-level English communication in advanced scientific contexts.",
  learningObjectives: ["Demonstrate mastery of complex quantum computing concepts and terminology", "Analyze multifaceted quantum-classical computational relationships", "Evaluate competing quantum technological frameworks and implementations", "Articulate nuanced positions on quantum advantage and computational complexity", "Communicate abstract quantum principles with exceptional clarity", "Synthesize evidence across different quantum implementation approaches", "Consider ethical and societal implications of quantum computing advances", "Structure complex quantum computing arguments with logical progression"],
  grammar: {
    points: ["Complex sentences with multiple subordinate clauses for sophisticated scientific exposition", "Advanced conditional structures for theoretical hypotheses and experimental conditions", "Precise use of modal verbs for expressing scientific possibility and necessity", "Complex noun phrases with multiple technical modifiers", "Nuanced hedging language for appropriate scientific tentativeness", "Varied connectives for building sophisticated argumentative structures", "Appropriate use of passive voice for scientific objectivity and emphasis"]
  }
});
var _default = exports.default = quantumComputingExplanation;
//# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,eyJ2ZXJzaW9uIjozLCJuYW1lcyI6WyJxdWFudHVtQ29tcHV0aW5nRXhwbGFuYXRpb24iLCJjb3ZfZjc1MTM0OHk4IiwicyIsImlkIiwidGl0bGUiLCJsZXZlbCIsImRlc2NyaXB0aW9uIiwiZXN0aW1hdGVkVGltZSIsInZvY2FidWxhcnkiLCJzdGVwcyIsImJvdE1lc3NhZ2UiLCJpbnB1dE1vZGUiLCJzdWdnZXN0aW9ucyIsImhpbnRzIiwiZXhwZWN0ZWRLZXl3b3JkcyIsImFjY2VwdGFibGVQaHJhc2VzIiwiZmVlZGJhY2siLCJjb3JyZWN0IiwicGFydGlhbCIsImluY29ycmVjdCIsImNvbXBsZXRpb25NZXNzYWdlIiwibGVhcm5pbmdPYmplY3RpdmVzIiwiZ3JhbW1hciIsInBvaW50cyIsIl9kZWZhdWx0IiwiZXhwb3J0cyIsImRlZmF1bHQiXSwic291cmNlcyI6WyJxdWFudHVtQ29tcHV0aW5nRXhwbGFuYXRpb24uanMiXSwic291cmNlc0NvbnRlbnQiOlsiLy8gY2hhdGJvdC9DMi9zY2VuYXJpb3MvcXVhbnR1bUNvbXB1dGluZ0V4cGxhbmF0aW9uLmpzXG5cbmNvbnN0IHF1YW50dW1Db21wdXRpbmdFeHBsYW5hdGlvbiA9IHtcbiAgaWQ6IDYsXG4gIHRpdGxlOiBcIlF1YW50dW0gQ29tcHV0aW5nIEV4cGxhbmF0aW9uXCIsXG4gIGxldmVsOiBcIkMyXCIsXG4gIGRlc2NyaXB0aW9uOiBcIkVuZ2FnZSBpbiBhIHNvcGhpc3RpY2F0ZWQgZGlzY3Vzc2lvbiBvbiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyB0aGVvcmllcyBhbmQgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zLCBkZW1vbnN0cmF0aW5nIG1hc3Rlcnkgb2YgY29tcGxleCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbmNlcHRzLCBhYmlsaXR5IHRvIGFuYWx5emUgbXVsdGlmYWNldGVkIHF1YW50dW0tY2xhc3NpY2FsIHJlbGF0aW9uc2hpcHMsIGV2YWx1YXRlIGNvbXBldGluZyB0ZWNobm9sb2dpY2FsIGZyYW1ld29ya3MsIGFydGljdWxhdGUgbnVhbmNlZCBwb3NpdGlvbnMgb24gcXVhbnR1bSBzdXByZW1hY3kgYW5kIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgY29tcGxleGl0eSwgYW5kIGNvbW11bmljYXRlIGFic3RyYWN0IHF1YW50dW0gcHJpbmNpcGxlcyB3aXRoIGV4Y2VwdGlvbmFsIHByZWNpc2lvbiBhbmQgY2xhcml0eS5cIixcbiAgZXN0aW1hdGVkVGltZTogXCIzNS00MCBtaW51dGVzXCIsXG4gIHZvY2FidWxhcnk6IFtcInF1YW50dW0gc3VwZXJwb3NpdGlvblwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gZW50YW5nbGVtZW50XCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBkZWNvaGVyZW5jZVwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gZ2F0ZVwiLCBcInF1Yml0XCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBzdXByZW1hY3lcIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIGFkdmFudGFnZVwiLCBcIkJsb2NoIHNwaGVyZVwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gY2lyY3VpdFwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvblwiLCBcInRvcG9sb2dpY2FsIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBhbm5lYWxpbmdcIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIHRlbGVwb3J0YXRpb25cIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIGtleSBkaXN0cmlidXRpb25cIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIGFsZ29yaXRobVwiLCBcIlNob3IncyBhbGdvcml0aG1cIiwgXCJHcm92ZXIncyBhbGdvcml0aG1cIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIEZvdXJpZXIgdHJhbnNmb3JtXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBjb2hlcmVuY2VcIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIHBhcmFsbGVsaXNtXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBzcGVlZHVwXCIsIFwiSGFtaWx0b25pYW5cIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIHR1bm5lbGluZ1wiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gaW50ZXJmZXJlbmNlXCIsIFwidmFyaWF0aW9uYWwgcXVhbnR1bSBlaWdlbnNvbHZlclwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gYXBwcm94aW1hdGUgb3B0aW1pemF0aW9uIGFsZ29yaXRobVwiXSxcbiAgc3RlcHM6IFtcbiAgICB7XG4gICAgICBpZDogMSxcbiAgICAgIGJvdE1lc3NhZ2U6IFwiV2VsY29tZSB0byBvdXIgYWR2YW5jZWQgc2VtaW5hciBvbiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyB0aGVvcnkgYW5kIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9ucy4gTGV0J3MgYmVnaW4gYnkgZXhwbG9yaW5nIGEgZnVuZGFtZW50YWwgcXVlc3Rpb24gaW4gdGhlIGZpZWxkOiBIb3cgd291bGQgeW91IGV2YWx1YXRlIHRoZSBjdXJyZW50IHN0YXRlIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIHBhcmFkaWdtcywgcGFydGljdWxhcmx5IGZvY3VzaW5nIG9uIHRoZSBtYWpvciBjb21wZXRpbmcgYXJjaGl0ZWN0dXJlcyBzdWNoIGFzIHN1cGVyY29uZHVjdGluZyBxdWJpdHMsIHRyYXBwZWQgaW9ucywgcGhvdG9uaWMgc3lzdGVtcywgYW5kIHRvcG9sb2dpY2FsIGFwcHJvYWNoZXM/IFBsZWFzZSBhZGRyZXNzIHRoZWlyIHJlbGF0aXZlIGFkdmFudGFnZXMsIGxpbWl0YXRpb25zLCBhbmQgcG90ZW50aWFsIGZvciBzY2FsaW5nIHRvIHByYWN0aWNhbCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGVycyBjYXBhYmxlIG9mIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRpbmcgcXVhbnR1bSBhZHZhbnRhZ2UgaW4gcmVhbC13b3JsZCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMuXCIsXG4gICAgICBpbnB1dE1vZGU6IFwiZnJlZVRleHRcIixcbiAgICAgIHN1Z2dlc3Rpb25zOiBbXG4gICAgICAgIFwiVGhlIGRldmVsb3BtZW50IG9mIHByYWN0aWNhbCwgc2NhbGFibGUgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgcmVwcmVzZW50cyBvbmUgb2YgdGhlIG1vc3QgcHJvbWlzaW5nIHlldCBjaGFsbGVuZ2luZyBmcm9udGllcnMgaW4gY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCBzY2llbmNlIGFuZCBlbmdpbmVlcmluZy4gQ3VycmVudCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBwYXJhZGlnbXMgZW5jb21wYXNzIGEgZGl2ZXJzZSByYW5nZSBvZiBwaHlzaWNhbCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbnMsIGVhY2ggb2ZmZXJpbmcgZGlzdGluY3QgYWR2YW50YWdlcyBhbmQgZmFjaW5nIHVuaXF1ZSBvYnN0YWNsZXMgaW4gdGhlIHB1cnN1aXQgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBhZHZhbnRhZ2XigJR0aGUgcG9pbnQgYXQgd2hpY2ggcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRlcnMgY2FuIHNvbHZlIHByb2JsZW1zIGJleW9uZCB0aGUgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcyBvZiBjbGFzc2ljYWwgc3lzdGVtcy4gRXZhbHVhdGluZyB0aGVzZSBjb21wZXRpbmcgYXJjaGl0ZWN0dXJlcyByZXF1aXJlcyBhbmFseXppbmcgdGhlaXIgZnVuZGFtZW50YWwgcGh5c2ljYWwgcHJvcGVydGllcywgZW5naW5lZXJpbmcgY2hhbGxlbmdlcywgcGVyZm9ybWFuY2UgY2hhcmFjdGVyaXN0aWNzLCBhbmQgcGF0aHdheXMgdG8gc2NhbGFiaWxpdHkuIFN1cGVyY29uZHVjdGluZyBxdWJpdCBzeXN0ZW1zLCBwaW9uZWVyZWQgYnkgY29tcGFuaWVzIGxpa2UgSUJNLCBHb29nbGUsIGFuZCBSaWdldHRpLCBjdXJyZW50bHkgcmVwcmVzZW50IHRoZSBtb3N0IG1hdHVyZSBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhcmNoaXRlY3R1cmUgZm9yIG1lZGl1bS1zY2FsZSBkZXZpY2VzLiBUaGVzZSBzeXN0ZW1zIGxldmVyYWdlIHRoZSBxdWFudHVtIHByb3BlcnRpZXMgb2YgSm9zZXBoc29uIGp1bmN0aW9uc+KAlHRoaW4gaW5zdWxhdGluZyBiYXJyaWVycyBiZXR3ZWVuIHN1cGVyY29uZHVjdGluZyBtYXRlcmlhbHPigJR0byBjcmVhdGUgYXJ0aWZpY2lhbCBhdG9tcyB3aG9zZSBlbmVyZ3kgc3RhdGVzIGNhbiBlbmNvZGUgcXVhbnR1bSBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbi4gU3VwZXJjb25kdWN0aW5nIHF1Yml0cyBvZmZlciBzZXZlcmFsIHNpZ25pZmljYW50IGFkdmFudGFnZXM6IHRoZXkgY2FuIGJlIGZhYnJpY2F0ZWQgdXNpbmcgbW9kaWZpZWQgc2VtaWNvbmR1Y3RvciBtYW51ZmFjdHVyaW5nIHRlY2huaXF1ZXMsIGFsbG93aW5nIGZvciByZWxhdGl2ZWx5IHN0cmFpZ2h0Zm9yd2FyZCBzY2FsaW5nIG9mIHF1Yml0IG51bWJlcnM7IHRoZXkgZmVhdHVyZSBzdHJvbmcgY291cGxpbmcgYmV0d2VlbiBxdWJpdHMsIGVuYWJsaW5nIGZhc3QgdHdvLXF1Yml0IGdhdGVzIHdpdGggdGltZXMgaW4gdGhlIHRlbnMgb2YgbmFub3NlY29uZHM7IGFuZCB0aGV5IGJlbmVmaXQgZnJvbSBleHRlbnNpdmUgaW50ZWdyYXRpb24gd2l0aCBjbGFzc2ljYWwgY29udHJvbCBlbGVjdHJvbmljcy4gVGhlc2UgYWR2YW50YWdlcyBlbmFibGVkIEdvb2dsZSdzIDIwMTkgcXVhbnR1bSBzdXByZW1hY3kgZGVtb25zdHJhdGlvbiB1c2luZyA1MyBzdXBlcmNvbmR1Y3RpbmcgcXViaXRzIHRvIHBlcmZvcm0gYSBzcGVjaWZpYyBzYW1wbGluZyB0YXNrIG9zdGVuc2libHkgYmV5b25kIHByYWN0aWNhbCBjbGFzc2ljYWwgY29tcHV0YXRpb24sIGFuZCBJQk0ncyByZWNlbnQgZGVwbG95bWVudCBvZiBwcm9jZXNzb3JzIGV4Y2VlZGluZyAxMDAgcXViaXRzLiBIb3dldmVyLCBzdXBlcmNvbmR1Y3Rpbmcgc3lzdGVtcyBmYWNlIHN1YnN0YW50aWFsIGxpbWl0YXRpb25zLiBUaGV5IG9wZXJhdGUgYXQgZXh0cmVtZWx5IGxvdyB0ZW1wZXJhdHVyZXMgKGFwcHJveGltYXRlbHkgMTUgbWlsbGlrZWx2aW4pLCByZXF1aXJpbmcgY29tcGxleCBhbmQgZXhwZW5zaXZlIGRpbHV0aW9uIHJlZnJpZ2VyYXRpb24uIFRoZWlyIGNvaGVyZW5jZSB0aW1lc+KAlHRoZSBkdXJhdGlvbiBxdWJpdHMgbWFpbnRhaW4gcXVhbnR1bSBzdGF0ZXMgYmVmb3JlIGVudmlyb25tZW50YWwgaW50ZXJhY3Rpb25zIGNhdXNlIGRlY29oZXJlbmNl4oCUcmVtYWluIHJlbGF0aXZlbHkgc2hvcnQgKHR5cGljYWxseSBtaWNyb3NlY29uZHMgdG8gbWlsbGlzZWNvbmRzKSwgbGltaXRpbmcgdGhlIGNpcmN1aXQgZGVwdGggYWNoaWV2YWJsZSBiZWZvcmUgZXJyb3JzIG92ZXJ3aGVsbSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbi4gRnJlcXVlbmN5IGNyb3dkaW5n4oCUdGhlIGNoYWxsZW5nZSBvZiBtYWludGFpbmluZyBkaXN0aW5jdCBvcGVyYXRpb25hbCBmcmVxdWVuY2llcyBhcyBxdWJpdCBudW1iZXJzIGluY3JlYXNl4oCUY29tcGxpY2F0ZXMgc2NhbGluZyB0byB2ZXJ5IGxhcmdlIGFycmF5cy4gQWRkaXRpb25hbGx5LCBjb25uZWN0aXZpdHkgYmV0d2VlbiBxdWJpdHMgaXMgdHlwaWNhbGx5IGxpbWl0ZWQgdG8gbmVhcmVzdCBuZWlnaGJvcnMsIGNyZWF0aW5nIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMgZm9yIGltcGxlbWVudGluZyBhbGdvcml0aG1zIHJlcXVpcmluZyBsb25nLXJhbmdlIGludGVyYWN0aW9ucy4gRGVzcGl0ZSB0aGVzZSBsaW1pdGF0aW9ucywgc3VwZXJjb25kdWN0aW5nIHN5c3RlbXMgaGF2ZSBkZW1vbnN0cmF0ZWQgcmVtYXJrYWJsZSBwcm9ncmVzcyBpbiBlcnJvciBtaXRpZ2F0aW9uIHRlY2huaXF1ZXMsIGdhdGUgZmlkZWxpdGllcywgYW5kIGFyY2hpdGVjdHVyYWwgaW1wcm92ZW1lbnRzLCBwb3NpdGlvbmluZyB0aGVtIGFzIGxlYWRpbmcgY2FuZGlkYXRlcyBmb3IgbmVhci10ZXJtIHByYWN0aWNhbCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uLCBwYXJ0aWN1bGFybHkgZm9yIHZhcmlhdGlvbmFsIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgYW5kIHF1YW50dW0gc2ltdWxhdGlvbiBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgdGhhdCBjYW4gdG9sZXJhdGUgbW9kZXJhdGUgZXJyb3IgcmF0ZXMuIFRyYXBwZWQgaW9uIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0ZXJzLCBkZXZlbG9wZWQgYnkgY29tcGFuaWVzIGxpa2UgSW9uUSwgSG9uZXl3ZWxsL1F1YW50aW51dW0sIGFuZCBBbHBpbmUgUXVhbnR1bSBUZWNobm9sb2dpZXMsIHV0aWxpemUgaW5kaXZpZHVhbCBpb25zIHN1c3BlbmRlZCBpbiBlbGVjdHJvbWFnbmV0aWMgZmllbGRzIGFzIHF1Yml0cy4gVGhlc2Ugc3lzdGVtcyBlbmNvZGUgcXVhbnR1bSBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBpbiB0aGUgZWxlY3Ryb25pYyBvciBoeXBlcmZpbmUgc3RhdGVzIG9mIGlvbnMsIG1hbmlwdWxhdGVkIHVzaW5nIHByZWNpc2VseSBjb250cm9sbGVkIGxhc2VyIHB1bHNlcy4gVHJhcHBlZCBpb24gc3lzdGVtcyBvZmZlciBzZXZlcmFsIGNvbXBlbGxpbmcgYWR2YW50YWdlczogdGhleSBkZW1vbnN0cmF0ZSBleGNlcHRpb25hbCBjb2hlcmVuY2UgdGltZXMgKHNlY29uZHMgdG8gbWludXRlcyksIGVuYWJsaW5nIGRlZXBlciBxdWFudHVtIGNpcmN1aXRzOyB0aGV5IGZlYXR1cmUgaGlnaC1maWRlbGl0eSBvcGVyYXRpb25zLCB3aXRoIGJvdGggc2luZ2xlLXF1Yml0IGFuZCB0d28tcXViaXQgZ2F0ZXMgYWNoaWV2aW5nIGZpZGVsaXRpZXMgZXhjZWVkaW5nIDk5LjklOyBhbmQgY3J1Y2lhbGx5LCB0aGV5IHByb3ZpZGUgbmF0aXZlIGFsbC10by1hbGwgY29ubmVjdGl2aXR5IGJldHdlZW4gcXViaXRzLCBlbGltaW5hdGluZyB0aGUgbmVlZCBmb3IgY29tcGxleCBTV0FQIG5ldHdvcmtzIHJlcXVpcmVkIGluIG5lYXJlc3QtbmVpZ2hib3IgYXJjaGl0ZWN0dXJlcy4gUmVjZW50IGRlbW9uc3RyYXRpb25zIGhhdmUgc2hvd24gdHJhcHBlZCBpb24gc3lzdGVtcyBleGVjdXRpbmcgcXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zIHdpdGggdW5wcmVjZWRlbnRlZCBhY2N1cmFjeSBmb3IgbW9kZXN0LXNpemVkIHN5c3RlbXMuIEhvd2V2ZXIsIHRyYXBwZWQgaW9uIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgZmFjZSBzaWduaWZpY2FudCBzY2FsaW5nIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMuIFdoaWxlIGluZGl2aWR1YWwgaW9uIGNoYWlucyBjYW4gbWFpbnRhaW4gZXhjZWxsZW50IGNvaGVyZW5jZSwgc2NhbGluZyBiZXlvbmQgYXBwcm94aW1hdGVseSA1MC0xMDAgaW9ucyBpbiBhIHNpbmdsZSB0cmFwIGJlY29tZXMgaW5jcmVhc2luZ2x5IGRpZmZpY3VsdCBkdWUgdG8gY2hhbGxlbmdlcyBpbiBhZGRyZXNzaW5nIGluZGl2aWR1YWwgaW9ucywgbWFpbnRhaW5pbmcgc3RhYmxlIHRyYXBwaW5nIGNvbmRpdGlvbnMsIGFuZCBtYW5hZ2luZyBpbmNyZWFzaW5nIGNvbXBsZXhpdHkgb2YgbW90aW9uYWwgbW9kZXMuIEFkdmFuY2VkIGFyY2hpdGVjdHVyZXMgZmVhdHVyaW5nIG11bHRpcGxlIGludGVyY29ubmVjdGVkIHRyYXBzIHNob3cgcHJvbWlzZSBmb3Igb3ZlcmNvbWluZyB0aGVzZSBsaW1pdGF0aW9ucyBidXQgaW50cm9kdWNlIG5ldyBlbmdpbmVlcmluZyBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzIHJlbGF0ZWQgdG8gaW9uIHRyYW5zcG9ydCBhbmQgaW50ZXItbW9kdWxlIGNvbW11bmljYXRpb24uIEFkZGl0aW9uYWxseSwgdHJhcHBlZCBpb24gZ2F0ZSBvcGVyYXRpb25zIHR5cGljYWxseSBleGVjdXRlIG1vcmUgc2xvd2x5IHRoYW4gc3VwZXJjb25kdWN0aW5nIGNvdW50ZXJwYXJ0cyAobWljcm9zZWNvbmRzIHJhdGhlciB0aGFuIG5hbm9zZWNvbmRzKSwgcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgbGltaXRpbmcgY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCB0aHJvdWdocHV0IGluIGNlcnRhaW4gYXBwbGljYXRpb25zLiBQaG90b25pYyBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyByZXByZXNlbnRzIGEgZnVuZGFtZW50YWxseSBkaWZmZXJlbnQgYXBwcm9hY2gsIGVuY29kaW5nIHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gaW4gcHJvcGVydGllcyBvZiBsaWdodCBzdWNoIGFzIHBvbGFyaXphdGlvbiwgcGF0aCwgb3IgdGltZS1iaW4gZGVncmVlcyBvZiBmcmVlZG9tLiBDb21wYW5pZXMgbGlrZSBYYW5hZHUsIFBzaVF1YW50dW0sIGFuZCBRdWFuZGVsYSBhcmUgZGV2ZWxvcGluZyB2YXJpb3VzIHBob3RvbmljIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9ucy4gVGhlc2Ugc3lzdGVtcyBvZmZlciB1bmlxdWUgYWR2YW50YWdlczogdGhleSBjYW4gcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgb3BlcmF0ZSBhdCByb29tIHRlbXBlcmF0dXJlLCBkcmFtYXRpY2FsbHkgcmVkdWNpbmcgaW5mcmFzdHJ1Y3R1cmUgcmVxdWlyZW1lbnRzOyB0aGV5IGZlYXR1cmUgbmF0dXJhbGx5IGhpZ2ggbW9iaWxpdHkgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBjYXJyaWVyczsgYW5kIHRoZXkgcHJvdmlkZSBhIGRpcmVjdCBpbnRlcmZhY2Ugd2l0aCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbW11bmljYXRpb24gc3lzdGVtcywgcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgZW5hYmxpbmcgZGlzdHJpYnV0ZWQgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcuIE1vcmVvdmVyLCBhcHByb2FjaGVzIHV0aWxpemluZyBtZWFzdXJlbWVudC1iYXNlZCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZywgcGFydGljdWxhcmx5IHdpdGggR2F1c3NpYW4gYm9zb24gc2FtcGxpbmcsIGhhdmUgZGVtb25zdHJhdGVkIGltcHJlc3NpdmUgY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzIGZvciBzcGVjaWFsaXplZCBwcm9ibGVtcyBsaWtlIHNpbXVsYXRpbmcgbW9sZWN1bGFyIHZpYnJvbmljIHNwZWN0cmEuIFRoZSBsaW1pdGF0aW9ucyBvZiBwaG90b25pYyBhcHByb2FjaGVzIHN0ZW0gcHJpbWFyaWx5IGZyb20gdGhlIHByb2JhYmlsaXN0aWMgbmF0dXJlIG9mIGVudGFuZ2xpbmcgb3BlcmF0aW9ucyBpbiBtYW55IGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9ucyBhbmQgY2hhbGxlbmdlcyBpbiBjcmVhdGluZyBsYXJnZS1zY2FsZSBkZXRlcm1pbmlzdGljIHBob3Rvbi1waG90b24gaW50ZXJhY3Rpb25zLiBXaGlsZSByZWNlbnQgYWR2YW5jZXMgaW4gaW50ZWdyYXRlZCBwaG90b25pY3MsIGVmZmljaWVudCBzaW5nbGUtcGhvdG9uIHNvdXJjZXMsIGFuZCBkZXRlcm1pbmlzdGljIHF1YW50dW0gZ2F0ZXMgdXNpbmcgd2VhayBub25saW5lYXJpdGllcyBzaG93IHByb21pc2UsIGNyZWF0aW5nIGxhcmdlLXNjYWxlIGZhdWx0LXRvbGVyYW50IHBob3RvbmljIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0ZXJzIHJlbWFpbnMgYSBzdWJzdGFudGlhbCBlbmdpbmVlcmluZyBjaGFsbGVuZ2UuIE5ldmVydGhlbGVzcywgcGhvdG9uaWMgc3lzdGVtcyBtYXkgb2ZmZXIgdGhlIGZhc3Rlc3QgcGF0aCB0byBjZXJ0YWluIHNwZWNpYWxpemVkIHF1YW50dW0gYXBwbGljYXRpb25zLCBwYXJ0aWN1bGFybHkgaW4gcXVhbnR1bSBuZXR3b3JraW5nIGFuZCBzcGVjaWZpYyBzYW1wbGluZyBwcm9ibGVtcyBzdWl0ZWQgdG8gdGhlaXIgbmF0aXZlIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcy4gVG9wb2xvZ2ljYWwgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgcmVwcmVzZW50cyBwZXJoYXBzIHRoZSBtb3N0IGFtYml0aW91cyB5ZXQgbGVhc3QgbWF0dXJlIG1ham9yIHBhcmFkaWdtLiBUaGlzIGFwcHJvYWNoLCBwdXJzdWVkIGJ5IE1pY3Jvc29mdCBhbmQgc2V2ZXJhbCBhY2FkZW1pYyBncm91cHMsIGFpbXMgdG8gZW5jb2RlIHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gaW4gbm9uLUFiZWxpYW4gYW55b25z4oCUZXhvdGljIHF1YXNpcGFydGljbGVzIHdob3NlIGV4Y2hhbmdlIHN0YXRpc3RpY3MgZW5hYmxlIGluaGVyZW50bHkgZXJyb3ItcHJvdGVjdGVkIHF1YW50dW0gb3BlcmF0aW9ucyB0aHJvdWdoIHRvcG9sb2dpY2FsIHByb3BlcnRpZXMuIFRoZW9yZXRpY2FsbHksIHN1Y2ggc3lzdGVtcyB3b3VsZCBvZmZlciB0cmVtZW5kb3VzIGFkdmFudGFnZXM6IGluaGVyZW50IGVycm9yIHByb3RlY3Rpb24gcmVkdWNpbmcgb3IgcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgZWxpbWluYXRpbmcgdGhlIG1hc3NpdmUgb3ZlcmhlYWQgYXNzb2NpYXRlZCB3aXRoIGNvbnZlbnRpb25hbCBxdWFudHVtIGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb247IGxvbmcgY29oZXJlbmNlIHRpbWVzOyBhbmQgc2ltcGxpZmllZCBsb2dpY2FsIG9wZXJhdGlvbnMgdGhyb3VnaCBicmFpZGluZyBvcGVyYXRpb25zLiBIb3dldmVyLCB0b3BvbG9naWNhbCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyByZW1haW5zIGxhcmdlbHkgdGhlb3JldGljYWwuIERlc3BpdGUgcmVjZW50IHByb2dyZXNzIGluIGNyZWF0aW5nIGFuZCBkZXRlY3RpbmcgTWFqb3JhbmEgemVybyBtb2Rlc+KAlHRoZSBtb3N0IHByb21pc2luZyBjYW5kaWRhdGUgZm9yIHJlYWxpemluZyBub24tQWJlbGlhbiBhbnlvbnPigJRkZWZpbml0aXZlIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRpb24gb2YgdGhlaXIgbm9uLUFiZWxpYW4gc3RhdGlzdGljcyByZW1haW5zIGVsdXNpdmUuIFRoZSB0aW1lbGluZSBmb3IgZGV2ZWxvcGluZyBwcmFjdGljYWwgdG9wb2xvZ2ljYWwgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRlcnMgbGlrZWx5IGV4dGVuZHMgc2lnbmlmaWNhbnRseSBiZXlvbmQgY29tcGV0aW5nIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMsIGJ1dCB0aGVpciBwb3RlbnRpYWwgZm9yIGZhdWx0LXRvbGVyYW5jZSB3aXRob3V0IGV4dGVuc2l2ZSBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uIG92ZXJoZWFkIHJlcHJlc2VudHMgYSBjb21wZWxsaW5nIGxvbmctdGVybSByZXNlYXJjaCBkaXJlY3Rpb24uIEJleW9uZCB0aGVzZSBwcmltYXJ5IHBhcmFkaWdtcywgc2V2ZXJhbCBhbHRlcm5hdGl2ZSBhcHByb2FjaGVzIHNob3cgcHJvbWlzZSBmb3Igc3BlY2lhbGl6ZWQgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zIG9yIGFzIGNvbXBsZW1lbnRhcnkgdGVjaG5vbG9naWVzLiBOZXV0cmFsIGF0b20gc3lzdGVtcywgd2hpY2ggYXJyYW5nZSBpbmRpdmlkdWFsIGF0b21zIGluIG9wdGljYWwgdHdlZXplciBhcnJheXMsIG9mZmVyIGV4Y2VsbGVudCBzY2FsYWJpbGl0eSBhbmQgYXJlIHJhcGlkbHkgYWR2YW5jaW5nIGluIGdhdGUgZmlkZWxpdGllcy4gU2lsaWNvbi1iYXNlZCBxdWFudHVtIGRvdHMgbGV2ZXJhZ2UgZXh0ZW5zaXZlIHNlbWljb25kdWN0b3IgbWFudWZhY3R1cmluZyBpbmZyYXN0cnVjdHVyZSB3aGlsZSBmYWNpbmcgY2hhbGxlbmdlcyBpbiBhY2hpZXZpbmcgdW5pZm9ybSBxdWJpdCBwcm9wZXJ0aWVzLiBEaWFtb25kIG5pdHJvZ2VuLXZhY2FuY3kgY2VudGVycyBwcm92aWRlIGV4Y2VsbGVudCBjb2hlcmVuY2UgcHJvcGVydGllcyBhdCByZWxhdGl2ZWx5IGhpZ2ggdGVtcGVyYXR1cmVzIGJ1dCBmYWNlIGZhYnJpY2F0aW9uIGFuZCBjb3VwbGluZyBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzLiBBc3Nlc3NpbmcgcGF0aHdheXMgdG8gcHJhY3RpY2FsIHF1YW50dW0gYWR2YW50YWdlIHJlcXVpcmVzIGNvbnNpZGVyaW5nIGJvdGggdGVjaG5pY2FsIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcyBhbmQgYXBwbGljYXRpb24tc3BlY2lmaWMgcmVxdWlyZW1lbnRzLiBGb3IgbmVhci10ZXJtIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBleHBsb2l0aW5nIG5vaXN5IGludGVybWVkaWF0ZS1zY2FsZSBxdWFudHVtIChOSVNRKSBkZXZpY2VzLCBzdXBlcmNvbmR1Y3RpbmcgYW5kIHRyYXBwZWQgaW9uIHN5c3RlbXMgY3VycmVudGx5IGRlbW9uc3RyYXRlIHRoZSBtb3N0IHByb21pc2luZyBiYWxhbmNlIG9mIHF1Yml0IG51bWJlcnMsIGdhdGUgZmlkZWxpdGllcywgYW5kIGNvaGVyZW5jZSB0aW1lcy4gVGhlc2Ugc3lzdGVtcyBzaG93IHBvdGVudGlhbCBmb3IgcXVhbnR1bSBzaW11bGF0aW9uIG9mIG1hdGVyaWFscyBhbmQgY2hlbWljYWwgc3lzdGVtcywgY2VydGFpbiBvcHRpbWl6YXRpb24gcHJvYmxlbXMgdGhyb3VnaCB2YXJpYXRpb25hbCBhbGdvcml0aG1zLCBhbmQgc3BlY2lhbGl6ZWQgc2FtcGxpbmcgdGFza3MuIEZvciBmYXVsdC10b2xlcmFudCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyByZXF1aXJpbmcgbG9naWNhbCBxdWJpdHMgd2l0aCBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uLCB0cmFwcGVkIGlvbnMgbWF5IG9mZmVyIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgdGhyb3VnaCB0aGVpciBoaWdoZXIgYmFzZSBmaWRlbGl0aWVzIGFuZCBjb25uZWN0aXZpdHksIHBvdGVudGlhbGx5IHJlZHVjaW5nIGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb24gb3ZlcmhlYWQsIHdoaWxlIHN1cGVyY29uZHVjdGluZyBzeXN0ZW1zIGJlbmVmaXQgZnJvbSBmYXN0ZXIgb3BlcmF0aW9ucyBhbmQgbWFudWZhY3R1cmluZyBzY2FsYWJpbGl0eS4gRm9yIHF1YW50dW0gbmV0d29ya2luZyBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMsIHBob3RvbmljIHN5c3RlbXMgbmF0dXJhbGx5IGV4Y2VsLCB3aGlsZSBzdGF0aW9uYXJ5IHF1Yml0cyBsaWtlIHRyYXBwZWQgaW9ucyBvciBzcGluIHN5c3RlbXMgb2ZmZXIgY29tcGVsbGluZyBxdWFudHVtIG1lbW9yeSBjYXBhYmlsaXRpZXMuIFRoZSB1bHRpbWF0ZSB0cmFqZWN0b3J5IGxpa2VseSBpbnZvbHZlcyBoeWJyaWQgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyBsZXZlcmFnaW5nIGNvbXBsZW1lbnRhcnkgc3RyZW5ndGhzIG9mIGRpZmZlcmVudCBxdWFudHVtIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcy4gTW9kdWxhciBhcmNoaXRlY3R1cmVzIGNvbWJpbmluZyBhZHZhbnRhZ2VzIG9mIGRpZmZlcmVudCBxdWJpdCB0eXBlcywgcXVhbnR1bSB0cmFuc2R1Y2VycyBjb252ZXJ0aW5nIGJldHdlZW4gZGlmZmVyZW50IHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gY2FycmllcnMsIGFuZCBoZXRlcm9nZW5lb3VzIHN5c3RlbXMgb3B0aW1pemVkIGZvciBzcGVjaWZpYyBjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsIHRhc2tzIG1heSBjb2xsZWN0aXZlbHkgb3ZlcmNvbWUgdGhlIGxpbWl0YXRpb25zIG9mIGFueSBzaW5nbGUgYXBwcm9hY2guIEluIGNvbmNsdXNpb24sIHdoaWxlIG5vIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIHBhcmFkaWdtIGN1cnJlbnRseSBkZW1vbnN0cmF0ZXMgY2xlYXIgc3VwZXJpb3JpdHkgYWNyb3NzIGFsbCByZWxldmFudCBtZXRyaWNzLCBlYWNoIGFyY2hpdGVjdHVyZSBzaG93cyBwcm9taXNpbmcgcGF0aHdheXMgdG93YXJkIHF1YW50dW0gYWR2YW50YWdlIGluIHNwZWNpZmljIGRvbWFpbnMuIFN1cGVyY29uZHVjdGluZyBzeXN0ZW1zIGN1cnJlbnRseSBsZWFkIGluIHF1Yml0IG51bWJlcnMgYW5kIGludGVncmF0aW9uIHdpdGggY29udHJvbCBzeXN0ZW1zOyB0cmFwcGVkIGlvbnMgZGVtb25zdHJhdGUgc3VwZXJpb3IgY29oZXJlbmNlIGFuZCBjb25uZWN0aXZpdHk7IHBob3RvbmljIHN5c3RlbXMgb2ZmZXIgdW5pcXVlIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgZm9yIG5ldHdvcmtpbmcgYW5kIHNwZWNpYWxpemVkIHNhbXBsaW5nIHByb2JsZW1zOyBhbmQgdG9wb2xvZ2ljYWwgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyBob2xkIGxvbmctdGVybSBwcm9taXNlIGZvciBmYXVsdC10b2xlcmFuY2UuIFRoZSBmaWVsZCdzIHJhcGlkIGRldmVsb3BtZW50LCB3aXRoIG9yZGVyLW9mLW1hZ25pdHVkZSBpbXByb3ZlbWVudHMgaW4ga2V5IG1ldHJpY3Mgb2NjdXJyaW5nIHJlZ3VsYXJseSwgc3VnZ2VzdHMgdGhhdCBwcmFjdGljYWwgcXVhbnR1bSBhZHZhbnRhZ2UgbWF5IGVtZXJnZSBmcm9tIG11bHRpcGxlIGFyY2hpdGVjdHVyYWwgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyB0YWlsb3JlZCB0byBkaWZmZXJlbnQgYXBwbGljYXRpb24gZG9tYWlucyByYXRoZXIgdGhhbiBhIHNpbmdsZSBkb21pbmFudCBwYXJhZGlnbS5cIlxuICAgICAgXSxcbiAgICAgIGhpbnRzOiBcIkV2YWx1YXRlIGN1cnJlbnQgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgcGFyYWRpZ21zIChzdXBlcmNvbmR1Y3RpbmcgcXViaXRzLCB0cmFwcGVkIGlvbnMsIHBob3RvbmljIHN5c3RlbXMsIHRvcG9sb2dpY2FsIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMpLCBhbmFseXppbmcgdGhlaXIgcmVsYXRpdmUgYWR2YW50YWdlcywgbGltaXRhdGlvbnMsIGFuZCBwb3RlbnRpYWwgZm9yIHNjYWxpbmcgdG8gcHJhY3RpY2FsIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0ZXJzIGNhcGFibGUgb2YgZGVtb25zdHJhdGluZyBxdWFudHVtIGFkdmFudGFnZS5cIixcbiAgICAgIGV4cGVjdGVkS2V5d29yZHM6IFtcInF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nXCIsIFwic3VwZXJjb25kdWN0aW5nIHF1Yml0c1wiLCBcInRyYXBwZWQgaW9uc1wiLCBcInBob3RvbmljIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nXCIsIFwidG9wb2xvZ2ljYWwgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmdcIiwgXCJxdWJpdFwiLCBcImNvaGVyZW5jZSB0aW1lXCIsIFwiZ2F0ZSBmaWRlbGl0eVwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gYWR2YW50YWdlXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBzdXByZW1hY3lcIiwgXCJzY2FsYWJpbGl0eVwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvblwiLCBcImNvbm5lY3Rpdml0eVwiLCBcIkpvc2VwaHNvbiBqdW5jdGlvblwiLCBcImRpbHV0aW9uIHJlZnJpZ2VyYXRpb25cIiwgXCJuZXV0cmFsIGF0b21zXCIsIFwic2lsaWNvbiBxdWFudHVtIGRvdHNcIiwgXCJOSVNRXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBzaW11bGF0aW9uXCIsIFwiaHlicmlkIGFwcHJvYWNoZXNcIl0sXG4gICAgICBhY2NlcHRhYmxlUGhyYXNlczogW1xuICAgICAgICBcInF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIHBhcmFkaWdtc1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInN1cGVyY29uZHVjdGluZyBxdWJpdHNcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJ0cmFwcGVkIGlvbnNcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJwaG90b25pYyBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZ1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInRvcG9sb2dpY2FsIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiY29oZXJlbmNlIHRpbWVzXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiZ2F0ZSBmaWRlbGl0eVwiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInF1YW50dW0gYWR2YW50YWdlXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwicXVhbnR1bSBzdXByZW1hY3lcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJzY2FsYWJpbGl0eSBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwicXVhbnR1bSBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwicXViaXQgY29ubmVjdGl2aXR5XCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiSm9zZXBoc29uIGp1bmN0aW9uc1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcImRpbHV0aW9uIHJlZnJpZ2VyYXRpb25cIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJuZXV0cmFsIGF0b20gc3lzdGVtc1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInNpbGljb24gcXVhbnR1bSBkb3RzXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiTklTUSBkZXZpY2VzXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwicXVhbnR1bSBzaW11bGF0aW9uXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiaHlicmlkIHF1YW50dW0gYXBwcm9hY2hlc1wiXG4gICAgICBdLFxuICAgICAgZmVlZGJhY2s6IHtcbiAgICAgICAgY29ycmVjdDogXCJZb3VyIGV2YWx1YXRpb24gb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgcGFyYWRpZ21zIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRlcyBleGNlcHRpb25hbCB0ZWNobmljYWwgdW5kZXJzdGFuZGluZy4gQnVpbGRpbmcgb24gdGhpcyBhbmFseXNpcywgbGV0J3MgZXhwbG9yZSBhbm90aGVyIGZ1bmRhbWVudGFsIHF1ZXN0aW9uIGluIHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gc2NpZW5jZTogSG93IHdvdWxkIHlvdSBhc3Nlc3MgdGhlIGN1cnJlbnQgc3RhdGUgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zIGFuZCB0aGVpciBwb3RlbnRpYWwgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zIGFjcm9zcyBkaWZmZXJlbnQgZG9tYWlucz8gQ29uc2lkZXIgdGhlIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCBhZHZhbnRhZ2VzIHRoZXkgb2ZmZXIsIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMgb24gbmVhci10ZXJtIHF1YW50dW0gZGV2aWNlcywgYW5kIHByb3NwZWN0cyBmb3IgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGltcGFjdCBpbiBmaWVsZHMgc3VjaCBhcyBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHksIG1hdGVyaWFscyBzY2llbmNlLCBvcHRpbWl6YXRpb24sIGFuZCBtYWNoaW5lIGxlYXJuaW5nLlwiLFxuICAgICAgICBwYXJ0aWFsOiBcIllvdSd2ZSB0b3VjaGVkIG9uIHNvbWUgaW1wb3J0YW50IGFzcGVjdHMgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgcGFyYWRpZ21zLiBDb3VsZCB5b3UgZGV2ZWxvcCB5b3VyIGV2YWx1YXRpb24gZnVydGhlciBieSBtb3JlIGV4cGxpY2l0bHkgYWRkcmVzc2luZyB0aGUgcmVsYXRpdmUgYWR2YW50YWdlcywgbGltaXRhdGlvbnMsIGFuZCBzY2FsaW5nIHBvdGVudGlhbCBvZiB0aGUgbWFqb3IgY29tcGV0aW5nIGFyY2hpdGVjdHVyZXMgKHN1cGVyY29uZHVjdGluZyBxdWJpdHMsIHRyYXBwZWQgaW9ucywgcGhvdG9uaWMgc3lzdGVtcywgYW5kIHRvcG9sb2dpY2FsIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMpIGZvciBkZW1vbnN0cmF0aW5nIHF1YW50dW0gYWR2YW50YWdlP1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBpbmNvcnJlY3Q6IFwiSSdkIGxpa2UgeW91IHRvIGZvY3VzIG1vcmUgZGlyZWN0bHkgb24gZXZhbHVhdGluZyB0aGUgY3VycmVudCBzdGF0ZSBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBwYXJhZGlnbXMsIHBhcnRpY3VsYXJseSBhZGRyZXNzaW5nIHRoZSByZWxhdGl2ZSBhZHZhbnRhZ2VzLCBsaW1pdGF0aW9ucywgYW5kIHNjYWxpbmcgcG90ZW50aWFsIG9mIHRoZSBtYWpvciBjb21wZXRpbmcgYXJjaGl0ZWN0dXJlcyBzdWNoIGFzIHN1cGVyY29uZHVjdGluZyBxdWJpdHMsIHRyYXBwZWQgaW9ucywgcGhvdG9uaWMgc3lzdGVtcywgYW5kIHRvcG9sb2dpY2FsIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgZm9yIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRpbmcgcXVhbnR1bSBhZHZhbnRhZ2UgaW4gcHJhY3RpY2FsIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9ucy5cIlxuICAgICAgfVxuICAgIH0sXG4gICAge1xuICAgICAgaWQ6IDIsXG4gICAgICBib3RNZXNzYWdlOiBcIllvdXIgZXZhbHVhdGlvbiBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBwYXJhZGlnbXMgZGVtb25zdHJhdGVzIGV4Y2VwdGlvbmFsIHRlY2huaWNhbCB1bmRlcnN0YW5kaW5nLiBCdWlsZGluZyBvbiB0aGlzIGFuYWx5c2lzLCBsZXQncyBleHBsb3JlIGFub3RoZXIgZnVuZGFtZW50YWwgcXVlc3Rpb24gaW4gcXVhbnR1bSBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBzY2llbmNlOiBIb3cgd291bGQgeW91IGFzc2VzcyB0aGUgY3VycmVudCBzdGF0ZSBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgYW5kIHRoZWlyIHBvdGVudGlhbCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgYWNyb3NzIGRpZmZlcmVudCBkb21haW5zPyBDb25zaWRlciB0aGUgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgdGhleSBvZmZlciwgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24gY2hhbGxlbmdlcyBvbiBuZWFyLXRlcm0gcXVhbnR1bSBkZXZpY2VzLCBhbmQgcHJvc3BlY3RzIGZvciBwcmFjdGljYWwgaW1wYWN0IGluIGZpZWxkcyBzdWNoIGFzIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeSwgbWF0ZXJpYWxzIHNjaWVuY2UsIG9wdGltaXphdGlvbiwgYW5kIG1hY2hpbmUgbGVhcm5pbmcuXCIsXG4gICAgICBpbnB1dE1vZGU6IFwiaHlicmlkXCIsXG4gICAgICBzdWdnZXN0aW9uczogW1xuICAgICAgICBcIlF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtcyByZXByZXNlbnQgdGhlIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGZvdW5kYXRpb24gZm9yIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCBhZHZhbnRhZ2XigJR0aGUgYWJpbGl0eSBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGVycyB0byBzb2x2ZSBjZXJ0YWluIHByb2JsZW1zIG1vcmUgZWZmaWNpZW50bHkgdGhhbiBjbGFzc2ljYWwgY29tcHV0ZXJzLiBUaGUgY3VycmVudCBzdGF0ZSBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgc3BhbnMgYSBzcGVjdHJ1bSBmcm9tIHdlbGwtZXN0YWJsaXNoZWQgdGhlb3JldGljYWwgY29uc3RydWN0cyB3aXRoIHByb3ZhYmxlIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgdG8gZW1lcmdpbmcgaGV1cmlzdGljIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgZGVzaWduZWQgZm9yIG5lYXItdGVybSBoYXJkd2FyZSBjb25zdHJhaW50cy4gQXNzZXNzaW5nIHRoZXNlIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgcmVxdWlyZXMgZXhhbWluaW5nIHRoZWlyIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGFkdmFudGFnZXMsIHByYWN0aWNhbCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbiBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzLCBhbmQgcG90ZW50aWFsIHJlYWwtd29ybGQgaW1wYWN0IGFjcm9zcyBkaXZlcnNlIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9uIGRvbWFpbnMuIFRoZSBtb3N0IHdlbGwtZXN0YWJsaXNoZWQgcXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRlIHByb3ZhYmxlIGV4cG9uZW50aWFsIHNwZWVkdXBzIG92ZXIgdGhlIGJlc3Qta25vd24gY2xhc3NpY2FsIGFsdGVybmF0aXZlcyBmb3Igc3BlY2lmaWMgcHJvYmxlbXMuIFNob3IncyBhbGdvcml0aG0gZm9yIGludGVnZXIgZmFjdG9yaXphdGlvbiBhbmQgZGlzY3JldGUgbG9nYXJpdGhtcyBvZmZlcnMgYW4gZXhwb25lbnRpYWwgc3BlZWR1cCB0aGF0IHRocmVhdGVucyBjbGFzc2ljYWwgcHVibGljLWtleSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIHN5c3RlbXMgbGlrZSBSU0EgYW5kIEVDQy4gVGhpcyBhbGdvcml0aG0ncyBwb3RlbnRpYWwgdG8gdW5kZXJtaW5lIGN1cnJlbnQgY3liZXJzZWN1cml0eSBpbmZyYXN0cnVjdHVyZSBoYXMgZHJpdmVuIHNpZ25pZmljYW50IGludGVyZXN0IGluIHF1YW50dW0tcmVzaXN0YW50IGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgc3lzdGVtcywgd2l0aCBOSVNUIGN1cnJlbnRseSBzdGFuZGFyZGl6aW5nIHBvc3QtcXVhbnR1bSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIHByaW1pdGl2ZXMgZGVzaWduZWQgdG8gd2l0aHN0YW5kIHF1YW50dW0gYXR0YWNrcy4gSG93ZXZlciwgaW1wbGVtZW50aW5nIFNob3IncyBhbGdvcml0aG0gZm9yIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWNhbGx5IHJlbGV2YW50IHByb2JsZW0gc2l6ZXMgcmVxdWlyZXMgZmF1bHQtdG9sZXJhbnQgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRlcnMgd2l0aCBtaWxsaW9ucyBvZiBwaHlzaWNhbCBxdWJpdHPigJRmYXIgYmV5b25kIGN1cnJlbnQgY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzIG9mIDUwLTEwMCBub2lzeSBxdWJpdHMuIFNpbWlsYXJseSwgR3JvdmVyJ3MgYWxnb3JpdGhtIGZvciB1bnN0cnVjdHVyZWQgc2VhcmNoIHByb3ZpZGVzIGEgcXVhZHJhdGljIHNwZWVkdXAgb3ZlciBjbGFzc2ljYWwgYWx0ZXJuYXRpdmVzLCBvZmZlcmluZyBtb2RlcmF0ZSBhZHZhbnRhZ2VzIGZvciBwcm9ibGVtcyByYW5naW5nIGZyb20gY3J5cHRhbmFseXNpcyB0byBvcHRpbWl6YXRpb24uIFdoaWxlIHRoZSBzcGVlZHVwIGlzIGxlc3MgZHJhbWF0aWMgdGhhbiBTaG9yJ3MgYWxnb3JpdGhtLCB0aGUgYnJvYWRlciBhcHBsaWNhYmlsaXR5IG1ha2VzIGl0IHBvdGVudGlhbGx5IHZhbHVhYmxlIGFjcm9zcyBudW1lcm91cyBkb21haW5zLiBRdWFudHVtIHNpbXVsYXRpb24gYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBmb3JtIGFub3RoZXIgd2VsbC1lc3RhYmxpc2hlZCBjYXRlZ29yeSB3aXRoIHRyYW5zZm9ybWF0aXZlIHBvdGVudGlhbCwgcGFydGljdWxhcmx5IGZvciBxdWFudHVtIGNoZW1pc3RyeSBhbmQgbWF0ZXJpYWxzIHNjaWVuY2UuIFRoZXNlIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgbGV2ZXJhZ2UgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRlcnMnIG5hdHVyYWwgYWJpbGl0eSB0byByZXByZXNlbnQgcXVhbnR1bSBzeXN0ZW1zLCBwb3RlbnRpYWxseSBlbmFibGluZyBlZmZpY2llbnQgc2ltdWxhdGlvbiBvZiBtb2xlY3VsYXIgYW5kIG1hdGVyaWFsIHByb3BlcnRpZXMgYmV5b25kIGNsYXNzaWNhbCBjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsIHJlYWNoLiBBcHByb2FjaGVzIGxpa2UgdGhlIHF1YW50dW0gcGhhc2UgZXN0aW1hdGlvbiBhbGdvcml0aG0gb2ZmZXIgZXhwb25lbnRpYWwgYWR2YW50YWdlcyBmb3IgZGV0ZXJtaW5pbmcgZ3JvdW5kIHN0YXRlIGVuZXJnaWVzIGFuZCBvdGhlciBwcm9wZXJ0aWVzIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gc3lzdGVtcywgcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgcmV2b2x1dGlvbml6aW5nIGRydWcgZGlzY292ZXJ5LCBjYXRhbHlzdCBkZXNpZ24sIGFuZCBtYXRlcmlhbHMgZW5naW5lZXJpbmcuIEhvd2V2ZXIsIHBoYXNlIGVzdGltYXRpb24gYWxnb3JpdGhtcyByZXF1aXJlIGxvbmcgY2lyY3VpdCBkZXB0aHMgYW5kIGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb24sIGxpbWl0aW5nIG5lYXItdGVybSBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbi4gTW9yZSByZWNlbnQgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnRzIGluIHZhcmlhdGlvbmFsIHF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBoYXZlIGNyZWF0ZWQgYSBicmlkZ2UgYmV0d2VlbiB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBxdWFudHVtIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgYW5kIG5lYXItdGVybSBoYXJkd2FyZSBjYXBhYmlsaXRpZXMuIFRoZSBWYXJpYXRpb25hbCBRdWFudHVtIEVpZ2Vuc29sdmVyIChWUUUpIGFuZCBRdWFudHVtIEFwcHJveGltYXRlIE9wdGltaXphdGlvbiBBbGdvcml0aG0gKFFBT0EpIHVzZSBoeWJyaWQgcXVhbnR1bS1jbGFzc2ljYWwgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyB0byBhZGRyZXNzIGNoZW1pc3RyeSBhbmQgb3B0aW1pemF0aW9uIHByb2JsZW1zIHVzaW5nIHNoYWxsb3dlciBjaXJjdWl0cyBtb3JlIHN1aXRhYmxlIGZvciBOSVNRIChOb2lzeSBJbnRlcm1lZGlhdGUtU2NhbGUgUXVhbnR1bSkgZGV2aWNlcy4gVGhlc2UgYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBvcGVyYXRlIGJ5IHByZXBhcmluZyBwYXJhbWV0cml6ZWQgcXVhbnR1bSBzdGF0ZXMgYW5kIHVzaW5nIGNsYXNzaWNhbCBvcHRpbWl6YXRpb24gdG8gaXRlcmF0aXZlbHkgaW1wcm92ZSBwYXJhbWV0ZXJzIGJhc2VkIG9uIHF1YW50dW0gbWVhc3VyZW1lbnRzLiBXaGlsZSB0aGVzZSBhcHByb2FjaGVzIHNhY3JpZmljZSB0aGUgcHJvdmFibGUgYWR2YW50YWdlcyBvZiBlYXJsaWVyIGFsZ29yaXRobXMsIHRoZXkgb2ZmZXIgcG90ZW50aWFsIG5lYXItdGVybSB1dGlsaXR5IGZvciBwcm9ibGVtcyB3aGVyZSBldmVuIG1vZGVzdCBpbXByb3ZlbWVudHMgY291bGQgaGF2ZSBzaWduaWZpY2FudCBwcmFjdGljYWwgdmFsdWUuIFRoZSBjdXJyZW50IGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMgZm9yIHF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBzdGVtIHByaW1hcmlseSBmcm9tIGhhcmR3YXJlIGxpbWl0YXRpb25zLiBOSVNRIGRldmljZXMgc3VmZmVyIGZyb20gbGltaXRlZCBjb2hlcmVuY2UgdGltZXMsIGdhdGUgZXJyb3JzLCBjb25uZWN0aXZpdHkgY29uc3RyYWludHMsIGFuZCBtZWFzdXJlbWVudCBub2lzZS4gVGhlc2UgbGltaXRhdGlvbnMgcmVzdHJpY3QgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGNpcmN1aXQgZGVwdGhzIHRvIHRlbnMgb3IgaHVuZHJlZHMgb2Ygb3BlcmF0aW9ucyByYXRoZXIgdGhhbiB0aGUgdGhvdXNhbmRzIG9yIG1pbGxpb25zIHJlcXVpcmVkIGZvciBsYXJnZS1zY2FsZSBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbnMgb2YgbWFueSB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBhbGdvcml0aG1zLiBDb25zZXF1ZW50bHksIHRoZSBmaWVsZCBoYXMgYmlmdXJjYXRlZCBiZXR3ZWVuIGRldmVsb3BpbmcgcXVhbnR1bS1lcnJvci1jb3JyZWN0ZWQgYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBmb3IgZnV0dXJlIGZhdWx0LXRvbGVyYW50IHN5c3RlbXMgYW5kIGNyZWF0aW5nIG5vaXNlLXJlc2lsaWVudCBhbGdvcml0aG1zIGZvciBuZWFyLXRlcm0gZGV2aWNlcy4gRm9yIG5lYXItdGVybSBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMsIHNldmVyYWwgZG9tYWlucyBzaG93IHBhcnRpY3VsYXIgcHJvbWlzZS4gUXVhbnR1bSBjaGVtaXN0cnkgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zIHVzaW5nIFZRRSBjb3VsZCBwb3RlbnRpYWxseSBjb21wdXRlIHByb3BlcnRpZXMgb2YgbW9sZWN1bGVzIHJlbGV2YW50IHRvIGluZHVzdHJpYWwgY2F0YWx5c2lzIG9yIHBoYXJtYWNldXRpY2FsIGRldmVsb3BtZW50LCB0aG91Z2ggY3VycmVudCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbnMgcmVtYWluIGxpbWl0ZWQgdG8gc21hbGwgbW9sZWN1bGVzIGFscmVhZHkgdHJhY3RhYmxlIHdpdGggY2xhc3NpY2FsIG1ldGhvZHMuIE9wdGltaXphdGlvbiBwcm9ibGVtcyBhZGRyZXNzZWQgdGhyb3VnaCBRQU9BIG9yIHF1YW50dW0gYW5uZWFsaW5nIG1pZ2h0IG9mZmVyIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgZm9yIHNwZWNpZmljIHByb2JsZW0gaW5zdGFuY2VzLCBwYXJ0aWN1bGFybHkgdGhvc2Ugd2l0aCBzdHJ1Y3R1cmUgbWF0Y2hpbmcgdGhlIG5hdGl2ZSBjb25uZWN0aXZpdHkgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBoYXJkd2FyZS4gRmluYW5jaWFsIG1vZGVsaW5nIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBpbnZvbHZpbmcgTW9udGUgQ2FybG8gc2ltdWxhdGlvbnMgZm9yIHJpc2sgYXNzZXNzbWVudCBhbmQgZGVyaXZhdGl2ZSBwcmljaW5nIGhhdmUgdGhlb3JldGljYWwgcXVhbnR1bSBzcGVlZHVwcywgd2l0aCBhY3RpdmUgcmVzZWFyY2ggb24gaW1wbGVtZW50aW5nIG5vaXNlLXJvYnVzdCB2ZXJzaW9ucyBvbiBuZWFyLXRlcm0gaGFyZHdhcmUuIE1hY2hpbmUgbGVhcm5pbmcgcmVwcmVzZW50cyBhbiBlbWVyZ2luZyBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbiBkb21haW4gd2l0aCBudW1lcm91cyBwcm9wb3NlZCBxdWFudHVtIGFsZ29yaXRobXMuIFF1YW50dW0gbmV1cmFsIG5ldHdvcmtzIGFuZCB2YXJpYXRpb25hbCBjaXJjdWl0cyBmb3IgY2xhc3NpZmljYXRpb24gdGFza3MgaGF2ZSBkZW1vbnN0cmF0ZWQgcHJvb2Ytb2YtcHJpbmNpcGxlIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9ucywgdGhvdWdoIGNsZWFyIHByYWN0aWNhbCBhZHZhbnRhZ2VzIHJlbWFpbiBlbHVzaXZlLiBNb3JlIHByb21pc2luZyBhcHByb2FjaGVzIG1heSBpbmNsdWRlIHF1YW50dW0tZW5oYW5jZWQgZmVhdHVyZSBzcGFjZXMgdGhhdCBsZXZlcmFnZSB0aGUgaGlnaC1kaW1lbnNpb25hbCBIaWxiZXJ0IHNwYWNlIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gc3lzdGVtcyB0byBpbXByb3ZlIGNsYXNzaWZpY2F0aW9uIHBlcmZvcm1hbmNlLCBhbmQgcXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zIGZvciBzcGVjaWZpYyBtYWNoaW5lIGxlYXJuaW5nIHN1YnJvdXRpbmVzIGxpa2Ugc29sdmluZyBsaW5lYXIgc3lzdGVtcyBvciBwZXJmb3JtaW5nIHByaW5jaXBhbCBjb21wb25lbnQgYW5hbHlzaXMuIFRoZSBwcm9zcGVjdHMgZm9yIHByYWN0aWNhbCBpbXBhY3QgdmFyeSBzdWJzdGFudGlhbGx5IGFjcm9zcyBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbiBkb21haW5zLiBJbiBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHksIHF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBoYXZlIGFscmVhZHkgYWNoaWV2ZWQgcmVhbC13b3JsZCBpbXBhY3QgYnkgZHJpdmluZyB0aGUgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnQgb2YgcG9zdC1xdWFudHVtIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgc3RhbmRhcmRzIGJlZm9yZSBsYXJnZS1zY2FsZSBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGVycyBleGlzdC4gRm9yIG1hdGVyaWFscyBzY2llbmNlIGFuZCBjaGVtaXN0cnksIHF1YW50dW0gc2ltdWxhdGlvbiBhbGdvcml0aG1zIG9mZmVyIHBlcmhhcHMgdGhlIG1vc3QgY29tcGVsbGluZyBwYXRoIHRvIHRyYW5zZm9ybWF0aXZlIGFkdmFudGFnZXMsIHBvdGVudGlhbGx5IGVuYWJsaW5nIHRoZSBkZXNpZ24gb2YgbmV3IG1hdGVyaWFscyB3aXRoIHRhaWxvcmVkIHByb3BlcnRpZXMgZm9yIGVuZXJneSBzdG9yYWdlLCBzdXBlcmNvbmR1Y3Rpdml0eSwgb3IgaW5kdXN0cmlhbCBwcm9jZXNzZXMuIE9wdGltaXphdGlvbiBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgZmFjZSBzdHJvbmdlciBjb21wZXRpdGlvbiBmcm9tIGhpZ2hseSBvcHRpbWl6ZWQgY2xhc3NpY2FsIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgYnV0IG1heSBmaW5kIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgZm9yIHNwZWNpZmljIHByb2JsZW0gY2xhc3NlcyB3aXRoIHF1YW50dW0tZnJpZW5kbHkgc3RydWN0dXJlcy4gTWFjaGluZSBsZWFybmluZyBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgcmVtYWluIG1vcmUgc3BlY3VsYXRpdmUsIHdpdGggcXVhbnR1bSBhZHZhbnRhZ2VzIGxpa2VseSBlbWVyZ2luZyBmaXJzdCBmb3Igc3BlY2lhbGl6ZWQgc3Vicm91dGluZXMgcmF0aGVyIHRoYW4gZW5kLXRvLWVuZCB0cmFpbmluZyBvZiBsYXJnZSBtb2RlbHMuIFNldmVyYWwgZmFjdG9ycyBjb21wbGljYXRlIHRoZSBhc3Nlc3NtZW50IG9mIHF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtaWMgYWR2YW50YWdlLiBUaGUgcmFwaWQgaW1wcm92ZW1lbnQgb2YgY2xhc3NpY2FsIGFsZ29yaXRobXMsIG9mdGVuIGluc3BpcmVkIGJ5IHF1YW50dW0gYXBwcm9hY2hlcywgY29udGludW91c2x5IHJhaXNlcyB0aGUgdGhyZXNob2xkIGZvciBkZW1vbnN0cmF0aW5nIHF1YW50dW0gYWR2YW50YWdlLiBUaGUgY2hhbGxlbmdlIG9mIGZhaXIgYmVuY2htYXJraW5nIGJldHdlZW4gZW1lcmdpbmcgcXVhbnR1bSBzeXN0ZW1zIGFuZCBoaWdobHkgb3B0aW1pemVkIGNsYXNzaWNhbCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbnMgY3JlYXRlcyBkaWZmaWN1bHR5IGluIG9iamVjdGl2ZWx5IGV2YWx1YXRpbmcgY2xhaW1zIG9mIGFkdmFudGFnZS4gQWRkaXRpb25hbGx5LCB0aGUgbW9zdCBwcm9taXNpbmcgcXVhbnR1bSBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgbWF5IGludm9sdmUgcHJvYmxlbXMgdGhhdCBhcmUgY3VycmVudGx5IGludHJhY3RhYmxlIGNsYXNzaWNhbGx5LCBtYWtpbmcgZGlyZWN0IHBlcmZvcm1hbmNlIGNvbXBhcmlzb25zIGNoYWxsZW5naW5nLiBMb29raW5nIGZvcndhcmQsIHNldmVyYWwgdHJlbmRzIGFwcGVhciBwcm9taXNpbmcgZm9yIGV4cGFuZGluZyBxdWFudHVtIGFsZ29yaXRobWljIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcy4gRXJyb3IgbWl0aWdhdGlvbiB0ZWNobmlxdWVzIGxpa2UgemVyby1ub2lzZSBleHRyYXBvbGF0aW9uIGFuZCBwcm9iYWJpbGlzdGljIGVycm9yIGNhbmNlbGxhdGlvbiBtYXkgZXh0ZW5kIHRoZSBlZmZlY3RpdmUgY2lyY3VpdCBkZXB0aCBhY2hpZXZhYmxlIG9uIE5JU1EgZGV2aWNlcywgYnJpZGdpbmcgdGhlIGdhcCB0byBmYXVsdC10b2xlcmFudCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbnMuIFRoZSBkZXZlbG9wbWVudCBvZiBwcm9ibGVtLXNwZWNpZmljIGFuc8OkdHplIHRoYXQgaW5jb3Jwb3JhdGUgZG9tYWluIGtub3dsZWRnZSBpbnRvIHF1YW50dW0gY2lyY3VpdCBzdHJ1Y3R1cmUgY291bGQgZW5oYW5jZSB0aGUgcGVyZm9ybWFuY2Ugb2YgdmFyaWF0aW9uYWwgYXBwcm9hY2hlcy4gSHlicmlkIGFyY2hpdGVjdHVyZXMgY29tYmluaW5nIHF1YW50dW0gbW9kdWxlcyBmb3Igc3BlY2lmaWMgc3VidGFza3Mgd2l0aCBjbGFzc2ljYWwgcHJvY2Vzc2luZyBtYXkgb2ZmZXIgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgYmVmb3JlIGZ1bGx5IHF1YW50dW0gc29sdXRpb25zIGJlY29tZSB2aWFibGUuIEFkZGl0aW9uYWxseSwgdGhlIGdyb3dpbmcgZWNvc3lzdGVtIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtIGRldmVsb3BlcnMgYW5kIGRvbWFpbiBleHBlcnRzIGNvbGxhYm9yYXRpbmcgdGhyb3VnaCBleHBhbmRlZCBjbG91ZCBhY2Nlc3MgdG8gcXVhbnR1bSBoYXJkd2FyZSBoYXMgYWNjZWxlcmF0ZWQgdGhlIGV4cGxvcmF0aW9uIG9mIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9uLXNwZWNpZmljIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9ucy4gSW4gY29uY2x1c2lvbiwgdGhlIGN1cnJlbnQgc3RhdGUgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zIHJldmVhbHMgYSBmaWVsZCBpbiB0cmFuc2l0aW9uIGJldHdlZW4gdGhlb3JldGljYWwgcHJvbWlzZSBhbmQgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uLiBXaGlsZSB0aGUgdGhlb3JldGljYWwgZm91bmRhdGlvbnMgZm9yIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCBhZHZhbnRhZ2UgYXJlIHdlbGwtZXN0YWJsaXNoZWQsIHRyYW5zbGF0aW5nIHRoZXNlIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgaW50byBwcmFjdGljYWwgaW1wYWN0IHJlcXVpcmVzIG5hdmlnYXRpbmcgaGFyZHdhcmUgY29uc3RyYWludHMsIHByb2JsZW0tc3BlY2lmaWMgY29uc2lkZXJhdGlvbnMsIGFuZCBjb21wZXRpdGlvbiBmcm9tIGNvbnRpbnVvdXNseSBpbXByb3ZpbmcgY2xhc3NpY2FsIGFsdGVybmF0aXZlcy4gVGhlIG1vc3QgcHJvbWlzaW5nIG5lYXItdGVybSBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgbGlrZWx5IGludm9sdmUgaHlicmlkIHF1YW50dW0tY2xhc3NpY2FsIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgYWRkcmVzc2luZyBjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsbHkgaW50ZW5zaXZlIHByb2JsZW1zIGluIGNoZW1pc3RyeSBhbmQgbWF0ZXJpYWxzIHNjaWVuY2UsIHdpdGggbG9uZ2VyLXRlcm0gcG90ZW50aWFsIGZvciB0cmFuc2Zvcm1hdGl2ZSBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgaW4gY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGh5LCBvcHRpbWl6YXRpb24sIGFuZCBldmVudHVhbGx5IG1hY2hpbmUgbGVhcm5pbmcuIEFzIHF1YW50dW0gaGFyZHdhcmUgY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzIGNvbnRpbnVlIHRvIGV4cGFuZCBhbmQgYWxnb3JpdGhtIGRldmVsb3BtZW50IGluY3JlYXNpbmdseSBmb2N1c2VzIG9uIGhhcmR3YXJlLWF3YXJlIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMsIHRoZSBnYXAgYmV0d2VlbiB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBhZHZhbnRhZ2UgYW5kIHByYWN0aWNhbCB1dGlsaXR5IHdpbGwgcHJvZ3Jlc3NpdmVseSBuYXJyb3csIHBvdGVudGlhbGx5IGVuYWJsaW5nIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCBhZHZhbnRhZ2UgZm9yIGNvbW1lcmNpYWxseSByZWxldmFudCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgd2l0aGluIHRoZSBjb21pbmcgZGVjYWRlLlwiXG4gICAgICBdLFxuICAgICAgaGludHM6IFwiQXNzZXNzIHRoZSBjdXJyZW50IHN0YXRlIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBhbmQgdGhlaXIgcG90ZW50aWFsIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBhY3Jvc3MgZGlmZmVyZW50IGRvbWFpbnMsIGNvbnNpZGVyaW5nIHRoZWlyIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgYWR2YW50YWdlcywgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24gY2hhbGxlbmdlcyBvbiBuZWFyLXRlcm0gZGV2aWNlcywgYW5kIHByb3NwZWN0cyBmb3IgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGltcGFjdCBpbiBmaWVsZHMgc3VjaCBhcyBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHksIG1hdGVyaWFscyBzY2llbmNlLCBvcHRpbWl6YXRpb24sIGFuZCBtYWNoaW5lIGxlYXJuaW5nLlwiLFxuICAgICAgZXhwZWN0ZWRLZXl3b3JkczogW1wicXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zXCIsIFwiU2hvcidzIGFsZ29yaXRobVwiLCBcIkdyb3ZlcidzIGFsZ29yaXRobVwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gc2ltdWxhdGlvblwiLCBcInZhcmlhdGlvbmFsIHF1YW50dW0gZWlnZW5zb2x2ZXJcIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIGFwcHJveGltYXRlIG9wdGltaXphdGlvbiBhbGdvcml0aG1cIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIG1hY2hpbmUgbGVhcm5pbmdcIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgYWR2YW50YWdlXCIsIFwiTklTUVwiLCBcImZhdWx0IHRvbGVyYW5jZVwiLCBcImVycm9yIG1pdGlnYXRpb25cIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeVwiLCBcInBvc3QtcXVhbnR1bSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHlcIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIGNoZW1pc3RyeVwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gb3B0aW1pemF0aW9uXCIsIFwiaHlicmlkIHF1YW50dW0tY2xhc3NpY2FsXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBjaXJjdWl0IGRlcHRoXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBwaGFzZSBlc3RpbWF0aW9uXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBsaW5lYXIgYWxnZWJyYVwiLCBcImltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uIGNoYWxsZW5nZXNcIl0sXG4gICAgICBhY2NlcHRhYmxlUGhyYXNlczogW1xuICAgICAgICBcInF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtc1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcIlNob3IncyBhbGdvcml0aG1cIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJHcm92ZXIncyBhbGdvcml0aG1cIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJxdWFudHVtIHNpbXVsYXRpb24gYWxnb3JpdGhtc1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInZhcmlhdGlvbmFsIHF1YW50dW0gZWlnZW5zb2x2ZXJcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJxdWFudHVtIGFwcHJveGltYXRlIG9wdGltaXphdGlvbiBhbGdvcml0aG1cIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJxdWFudHVtIG1hY2hpbmUgbGVhcm5pbmdcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgYWR2YW50YWdlXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiTklTUSBkZXZpY2VzXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiZmF1bHQgdG9sZXJhbmNlIHJlcXVpcmVtZW50c1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcImVycm9yIG1pdGlnYXRpb24gdGVjaG5pcXVlc1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInBvc3QtcXVhbnR1bSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHlcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJxdWFudHVtIGNoZW1pc3RyeSBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnNcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJxdWFudHVtIG9wdGltaXphdGlvblwiLFxuICAgICAgICBcImh5YnJpZCBxdWFudHVtLWNsYXNzaWNhbCBhcHByb2FjaGVzXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwicXVhbnR1bSBjaXJjdWl0IGRlcHRoXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwicXVhbnR1bSBwaGFzZSBlc3RpbWF0aW9uXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24gY2hhbGxlbmdlc1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInByYWN0aWNhbCBxdWFudHVtIGFkdmFudGFnZVwiXG4gICAgICBdLFxuICAgICAgZmVlZGJhY2s6IHtcbiAgICAgICAgY29ycmVjdDogXCJZb3VyIGFzc2Vzc21lbnQgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRlcyBleGNlcHRpb25hbCB1bmRlcnN0YW5kaW5nIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gc2NpZW5jZS4gTGV0J3Mgbm93IGV4cGxvcmUgYSBjcnVjaWFsIHF1ZXN0aW9uIGF0IHRoZSBpbnRlcmZhY2Ugb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBwaHlzaWNzIGFuZCBlbmdpbmVlcmluZzogSG93IHdvdWxkIHlvdSBhbmFseXplIHRoZSBjdXJyZW50IGNoYWxsZW5nZXMgYW5kIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgaW4gcXVhbnR1bSBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uIGFuZCBmYXVsdCB0b2xlcmFuY2U/IENvbnNpZGVyIHRoZSBmdW5kYW1lbnRhbCBub2lzZSBtZWNoYW5pc21zIGluIHF1YW50dW0gc3lzdGVtcywgdGhlIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGZyYW1ld29ya3MgZm9yIG1hbmFnaW5nIHF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3JzLCB0aGUgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMgb24gbmVhci10ZXJtIGRldmljZXMsIGFuZCB0aGUgcGF0aHdheSB0b3dhcmQgYWNoaWV2aW5nIGVycm9yLWNvcnJlY3RlZCBsb2dpY2FsIHF1Yml0cyBjYXBhYmxlIG9mIHVuaXZlcnNhbCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uLlwiLFxuICAgICAgICBwYXJ0aWFsOiBcIllvdSd2ZSB0b3VjaGVkIG9uIHNvbWUgaW1wb3J0YW50IGFzcGVjdHMgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zLiBDb3VsZCB5b3UgZGV2ZWxvcCB5b3VyIGFzc2Vzc21lbnQgZnVydGhlciBieSBtb3JlIGV4cGxpY2l0bHkgYWRkcmVzc2luZyB0aGUgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgdGhleSBvZmZlciwgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24gY2hhbGxlbmdlcyBvbiBuZWFyLXRlcm0gcXVhbnR1bSBkZXZpY2VzLCBhbmQgcHJvc3BlY3RzIGZvciBwcmFjdGljYWwgaW1wYWN0IGFjcm9zcyBkaWZmZXJlbnQgYXBwbGljYXRpb24gZG9tYWlucyBzdWNoIGFzIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeSwgbWF0ZXJpYWxzIHNjaWVuY2UsIG9wdGltaXphdGlvbiwgYW5kIG1hY2hpbmUgbGVhcm5pbmc/XCIsXG4gICAgICAgIGluY29ycmVjdDogXCJJJ2QgbGlrZSB5b3UgdG8gZm9jdXMgbW9yZSBkaXJlY3RseSBvbiBhc3Nlc3NpbmcgdGhlIGN1cnJlbnQgc3RhdGUgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zIGFuZCB0aGVpciBwb3RlbnRpYWwgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zIGFjcm9zcyBkaWZmZXJlbnQgZG9tYWlucywgc3BlY2lmaWNhbGx5IGNvbnNpZGVyaW5nIHRoZSBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgYWR2YW50YWdlcyB0aGV5IG9mZmVyLCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbiBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzIG9uIG5lYXItdGVybSBxdWFudHVtIGRldmljZXMsIGFuZCBwcm9zcGVjdHMgZm9yIHByYWN0aWNhbCBpbXBhY3QgaW4gZmllbGRzIHN1Y2ggYXMgY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGh5LCBtYXRlcmlhbHMgc2NpZW5jZSwgb3B0aW1pemF0aW9uLCBhbmQgbWFjaGluZSBsZWFybmluZy5cIlxuICAgICAgfVxuICAgIH0sXG4gICAge1xuICAgICAgaWQ6IDMsXG4gICAgICBib3RNZXNzYWdlOiBcIllvdXIgYXNzZXNzbWVudCBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgZGVtb25zdHJhdGVzIGV4Y2VwdGlvbmFsIHVuZGVyc3RhbmRpbmcgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBzY2llbmNlLiBMZXQncyBub3cgZXhwbG9yZSBhIGNydWNpYWwgcXVlc3Rpb24gYXQgdGhlIGludGVyZmFjZSBvZiBxdWFudHVtIHBoeXNpY3MgYW5kIGVuZ2luZWVyaW5nOiBIb3cgd291bGQgeW91IGFuYWx5emUgdGhlIGN1cnJlbnQgY2hhbGxlbmdlcyBhbmQgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyBpbiBxdWFudHVtIGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb24gYW5kIGZhdWx0IHRvbGVyYW5jZT8gQ29uc2lkZXIgdGhlIGZ1bmRhbWVudGFsIG5vaXNlIG1lY2hhbmlzbXMgaW4gcXVhbnR1bSBzeXN0ZW1zLCB0aGUgdGhlb3JldGljYWwgZnJhbWV3b3JrcyBmb3IgbWFuYWdpbmcgcXVhbnR1bSBlcnJvcnMsIHRoZSBwcmFjdGljYWwgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24gY2hhbGxlbmdlcyBvbiBuZWFyLXRlcm0gZGV2aWNlcywgYW5kIHRoZSBwYXRod2F5IHRvd2FyZCBhY2hpZXZpbmcgZXJyb3ItY29ycmVjdGVkIGxvZ2ljYWwgcXViaXRzIGNhcGFibGUgb2YgdW5pdmVyc2FsIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0YXRpb24uXCIsXG4gICAgICBpbnB1dE1vZGU6IFwiZnJlZVRleHRcIixcbiAgICAgIHN1Z2dlc3Rpb25zOiBbXG4gICAgICAgIFwiUXVhbnR1bSBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uIGFuZCBmYXVsdCB0b2xlcmFuY2UgcmVwcmVzZW50IGZ1bmRhbWVudGFsIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMgYXQgdGhlIGludGVyc2VjdGlvbiBvZiBxdWFudHVtIHBoeXNpY3MgYW5kIGVuZ2luZWVyaW5nIHRoYXQgbXVzdCBiZSBvdmVyY29tZSB0byByZWFsaXplIHRoZSBmdWxsIHBvdGVudGlhbCBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZy4gVGhlIGV4dHJlbWUgZnJhZ2lsaXR5IG9mIHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb27igJRhcmlzaW5nIGZyb20gdGhlIGZ1bmRhbWVudGFsIG5hdHVyZSBvZiBxdWFudHVtIG1lY2hhbmljcyByYXRoZXIgdGhhbiBtZXJlbHkgZW5naW5lZXJpbmcgbGltaXRhdGlvbnPigJRuZWNlc3NpdGF0ZXMgc29waGlzdGljYXRlZCB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBmcmFtZXdvcmtzIGFuZCBwcmFjdGljYWwgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb25zIHRvIHByb3RlY3QgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbnMgZnJvbSBpbmV2aXRhYmxlIG5vaXNlLiBBbmFseXppbmcgY3VycmVudCBhcHByb2FjaGVzIHJlcXVpcmVzIGV4YW1pbmluZyB0aGUgcGh5c2ljYWwgb3JpZ2lucyBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGVycm9ycywgdGhlIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGZyYW1ld29ya3MgZGV2ZWxvcGVkIHRvIGFkZHJlc3MgdGhlbSwgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMsIGFuZCB0aGUgcm9hZG1hcCB0b3dhcmQgZmF1bHQtdG9sZXJhbnQgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbi4gUXVhbnR1bSBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBpcyBpbmhlcmVudGx5IHZ1bG5lcmFibGUgdG8gc2V2ZXJhbCBmdW5kYW1lbnRhbCBub2lzZSBtZWNoYW5pc21zLiBEZWNvaGVyZW5jZeKAlHRoZSBsb3NzIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gcGhhc2UgcmVsYXRpb25zaGlwcyBkdWUgdG8gaW50ZXJhY3Rpb25zIHdpdGggdGhlIGVudmlyb25tZW504oCUcmVwcmVzZW50cyB0aGUgcHJpbWFyeSBjaGFsbGVuZ2UsIG1hbmlmZXN0aW5nIHRocm91Z2ggcGhhc2UgZmxpcHMgKGNoYW5naW5nIHRoZSByZWxhdGl2ZSBwaGFzZSBiZXR3ZWVuIHF1YW50dW0gc3RhdGVzKSBhbmQgYW1wbGl0dWRlIGRhbXBpbmcgKGVuZXJneSBsb3NzIGxlYWRpbmcgdG8gc3RhdGUgZGVjYXkpLiBBZGRpdGlvbmFsIGVycm9yIG1lY2hhbmlzbXMgaW5jbHVkZSBjb250cm9sIGVycm9ycyBpbiBnYXRlIG9wZXJhdGlvbnMsIGNyb3NzdGFsayBiZXR3ZWVuIHF1Yml0cywgYW5kIHJlYWRvdXQgZXJyb3JzIGR1cmluZyBtZWFzdXJlbWVudC4gVW5saWtlIGNsYXNzaWNhbCBlcnJvcnMsIHdoaWNoIGFyZSBkaXNjcmV0ZSBiaXQgZmxpcHMsIHF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3JzIGV4aXN0IGluIGEgY29udGludW91cyBzcGFjZSwgYXMgcXViaXRzIGNhbiBvY2N1cHkgc3VwZXJwb3NpdGlvbiBzdGF0ZXMuIEZ1cnRoZXJtb3JlLCB0aGUgcXVhbnR1bSBuby1jbG9uaW5nIHRoZW9yZW0gcHJldmVudHMgdGhlIHN0cmFpZ2h0Zm9yd2FyZCByZWR1bmRhbmN5IGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgdXNlZCBpbiBjbGFzc2ljYWwgZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvbiwgY3JlYXRpbmcgdGhlIG5lZWQgZm9yIGZ1bmRhbWVudGFsbHkgZGlmZmVyZW50IHN0cmF0ZWdpZXMuIFRoZSB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBmcmFtZXdvcmsgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uIGFkZHJlc3NlcyB0aGVzZSBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzIHRocm91Z2ggc2V2ZXJhbCBpbmdlbmlvdXMgYXBwcm9hY2hlcy4gVGhlIGZvdW5kYXRpb25hbCBpbnNpZ2h0LCBkZXZlbG9wZWQgYnkgU2hvciwgU3RlYW5lLCBhbmQgb3RoZXJzIGluIHRoZSBtaWQtMTk5MHMsIGludm9sdmVzIGVuY29kaW5nIGxvZ2ljYWwgcXViaXRzIGFjcm9zcyBtdWx0aXBsZSBwaHlzaWNhbCBxdWJpdHMgaW4gYSB3YXkgdGhhdCBwcmVzZXJ2ZXMgcXVhbnR1bSBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiB3aGlsZSBhbGxvd2luZyBlcnJvcnMgdG8gYmUgZGV0ZWN0ZWQgYW5kIGNvcnJlY3RlZCB3aXRob3V0IGRpcmVjdGx5IG1lYXN1cmluZyAoYW5kIHRodXMgZGlzdHVyYmluZykgdGhlIGVuY29kZWQgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24uIFRoaXMgaXMgYWNoaWV2ZWQgYnkgbWFwcGluZyBxdWFudHVtIGluZm9ybWF0aW9uIGludG8gc3BlY2lhbGl6ZWQgc3Vic3BhY2VzIG9mIGEgbGFyZ2VyIEhpbGJlcnQgc3BhY2UsIGNyZWF0aW5nIHF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGluZyBjb2Rlcy4gU3VyZmFjZSBjb2RlcyByZXByZXNlbnQgdGhlIG1vc3QgcHJhY3RpY2FsbHkgcHJvbWlzaW5nIGZhbWlseSBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3RpbmcgY29kZXMuIFRoZXNlIGNvZGVzIGFycmFuZ2UgcGh5c2ljYWwgcXViaXRzIGluIGEgdHdvLWRpbWVuc2lvbmFsIGxhdHRpY2UsIGVuY29kaW5nIGxvZ2ljYWwgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gaW4gdG9wb2xvZ2ljYWwgcHJvcGVydGllcyB0aGF0IGFyZSBwcm90ZWN0ZWQgYWdhaW5zdCBsb2NhbCBlcnJvcnMuIFN1cmZhY2UgY29kZXMgb2ZmZXIgc2V2ZXJhbCBhZHZhbnRhZ2VzOiB0aGV5IHJlcXVpcmUgb25seSBuZWFyZXN0LW5laWdoYm9yIGludGVyYWN0aW9ucyBiZXR3ZWVuIHF1Yml0cywgdG9sZXJhdGUgcmVsYXRpdmVseSBoaWdoIHBoeXNpY2FsIGVycm9yIHJhdGVzIChhcHByb3hpbWF0ZWx5IDElKSwgYW5kIGNhbiBiZSBpbXBsZW1lbnRlZCB1c2luZyBzaW1wbGUgc3luZHJvbWUgbWVhc3VyZW1lbnQgY2lyY3VpdHMuIEhvd2V2ZXIsIHRoZXkgaW1wb3NlIHNpZ25pZmljYW50IHF1Yml0IG92ZXJoZWFkLCByZXF1aXJpbmcgaHVuZHJlZHMgdG8gdGhvdXNhbmRzIG9mIHBoeXNpY2FsIHF1Yml0cyBwZXIgbG9naWNhbCBxdWJpdCBkZXBlbmRpbmcgb24gZXJyb3IgcmF0ZXMgYW5kIGRlc2lyZWQgbG9naWNhbCBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZS4gQWx0ZXJuYXRpdmUgY29kZSBmYW1pbGllcyBpbmNsdWRlIGNvbG9yIGNvZGVzLCB3aGljaCBwb3RlbnRpYWxseSBvZmZlciBtb3JlIGVmZmljaWVudCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbiBvZiBjZXJ0YWluIGxvZ2ljYWwgb3BlcmF0aW9ucyBidXQgZ2VuZXJhbGx5IGRlbWFuZCBsb3dlciBwaHlzaWNhbCBlcnJvciByYXRlcywgYW5kIGNvbmNhdGVuYXRlZCBjb2Rlcywgd2hpY2ggcHJvdmlkZSB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBpbnNpZ2h0cyBidXQgdHlwaWNhbGx5IHJlcXVpcmUgaW1wcmFjdGljYWxseSBsb3cgZXJyb3IgcmF0ZXMgZm9yIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uLiBCZXlvbmQgc3BlY2lmaWMgY29kZXMsIHRoZSB0aHJlc2hvbGQgdGhlb3JlbSByZXByZXNlbnRzIGEgY3J1Y2lhbCB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCByZXN1bHQgZXN0YWJsaXNoaW5nIHRoYXQgYXJiaXRyYXJpbHkgbG9uZyBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9ucyBjYW4gYmUgcGVyZm9ybWVkIHJlbGlhYmx5IGlmIHBoeXNpY2FsIGVycm9yIHJhdGVzIGZhbGwgYmVsb3cgYSBjb2RlLXNwZWNpZmljIHRocmVzaG9sZCBhbmQgc3VmZmljaWVudCByZXNvdXJjZXMgYXJlIGF2YWlsYWJsZSBmb3IgZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvbi4gVGhpcyB0aGVvcmVtIHByb3ZpZGVzIHRoZSB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBmb3VuZGF0aW9uIGZvciBmYXVsdC10b2xlcmFudCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyB3aGlsZSBlc3RhYmxpc2hpbmcgdGhlIGVuZ2luZWVyaW5nIHRhcmdldHMgZm9yIHF1YW50dW0gaGFyZHdhcmUgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnQuIFRoZSBwcmFjdGljYWwgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24gb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uIGZhY2VzIHN1YnN0YW50aWFsIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMuIEN1cnJlbnQgcXVhbnR1bSBkZXZpY2VzIG9wZXJhdGUgaW4gdGhlIE5JU1EgKE5vaXN5IEludGVybWVkaWF0ZS1TY2FsZSBRdWFudHVtKSByZWdpbWUsIHdpdGggcGh5c2ljYWwgZXJyb3IgcmF0ZXMgdHlwaWNhbGx5IGJldHdlZW4gMTBeLTIgYW5kIDEwXi0zIHBlciBnYXRl4oCUbWFyZ2luYWxseSBhcHByb2FjaGluZyBidXQgbm90IGNvbnNpc3RlbnRseSBiZWxvdyB0aGUgYXBwcm94aW1hdGVseSAxMF4tMyB0byAxMF4tNCB0aHJlc2hvbGRzIHJlcXVpcmVkIGZvciBzdXJmYWNlIGNvZGVzLiBGdXJ0aGVybW9yZSwgaW1wbGVtZW50aW5nIGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb24gcmVxdWlyZXMgYWxsb2NhdGluZyBxdWJpdHMgdG8gc3luZHJvbWUgbWVhc3VyZW1lbnRzIGFuZCBwZXJmb3JtaW5nIGFkZGl0aW9uYWwgb3BlcmF0aW9ucyB0aGF0IHRoZW1zZWx2ZXMgaW50cm9kdWNlIGVycm9ycywgY3JlYXRpbmcgYSBjb21wbGV4IG9wdGltaXphdGlvbiBwcm9ibGVtIHRvIGFjaGlldmUgbmV0IGJlbmVmaXRzIGZyb20gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvbi4gSW5pdGlhbCBkZW1vbnN0cmF0aW9ucyBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb24gaGF2ZSBzaG93biBwcm9taXNpbmcgcmVzdWx0cyBidXQgcmVtYWluIGxpbWl0ZWQgaW4gc2NhbGUuIFJlY2VudCBleHBlcmltZW50cyBoYXZlIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRlZCBsb2dpY2FsIHF1Yml0cyB3aXRoIGxpZmV0aW1lcyBleGNlZWRpbmcgdGhvc2Ugb2YgdGhlaXIgY29uc3RpdHVlbnQgcGh5c2ljYWwgcXViaXRzLCB2YWxpZGF0aW5nIHRoZSBjb3JlIHByaW5jaXBsZSBvZiBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uLiBTbWFsbC1zY2FsZSBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbnMgb2YgZXJyb3IgZGV0ZWN0aW5nIGNvZGVzIGhhdmUgc3VjY2Vzc2Z1bGx5IGlkZW50aWZpZWQgZXJyb3JzIHdpdGhvdXQgZGVzdHJveWluZyBxdWFudHVtIGluZm9ybWF0aW9uLiBIb3dldmVyLCB0aGVzZSBkZW1vbnN0cmF0aW9ucyB0eXBpY2FsbHkgaW52b2x2ZSBvbmx5IGEgaGFuZGZ1bCBvZiBwaHlzaWNhbCBxdWJpdHMgZW5jb2RpbmcgYSBzaW5nbGUgbG9naWNhbCBxdWJpdCwgZmFyIGZyb20gdGhlIHNjYWxlIHJlcXVpcmVkIGZvciBwcmFjdGljYWwgZmF1bHQtdG9sZXJhbnQgY29tcHV0YXRpb24uIFRoZSBtb3N0IHNpZ25pZmljYW50IHByYWN0aWNhbCBjaGFsbGVuZ2UgaW52b2x2ZXMgdGhlIHN1YnN0YW50aWFsIHJlc291cmNlIG92ZXJoZWFkIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvbi4gQ3JlYXRpbmcgYSBzaW5nbGUgZmF1bHQtdG9sZXJhbnQgbG9naWNhbCBxdWJpdCBmcm9tIHBoeXNpY2FsIHF1Yml0cyB3aXRoIDEwXi0zIGVycm9yIHJhdGVzIHR5cGljYWxseSByZXF1aXJlcyBodW5kcmVkcyB0byB0aG91c2FuZHMgb2YgcGh5c2ljYWwgcXViaXRzLiBJbXBsZW1lbnRpbmcgZmF1bHQtdG9sZXJhbnQgbG9naWNhbCBvcGVyYXRpb25zIGludHJvZHVjZXMgYWRkaXRpb25hbCBjb21wbGV4aXR5LCBhcyBtb3N0IG9wZXJhdGlvbnMgY2Fubm90IGJlIHBlcmZvcm1lZCB0cmFuc3ZlcnNhbGx5IChkaXJlY3RseSBvbiBlbmNvZGVkIHF1Yml0cykgYnV0IGluc3RlYWQgcmVxdWlyZSBjb21wbGV4IHByb3RvY29scyBsaWtlIG1hZ2ljIHN0YXRlIGRpc3RpbGxhdGlvbiB0aGF0IGludHJvZHVjZSBmdXJ0aGVyIG92ZXJoZWFkLiBDb25zZXF1ZW50bHksIHByYWN0aWNhbCBmYXVsdC10b2xlcmFudCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGVycyBjYXBhYmxlIG9mIHNvbHZpbmcgY2xhc3NpY2FsbHkgaW50cmFjdGFibGUgcHJvYmxlbXMgbWF5IHJlcXVpcmUgbWlsbGlvbnMgb2YgcGh5c2ljYWwgcXViaXRz4oCUb3JkZXJzIG9mIG1hZ25pdHVkZSBiZXlvbmQgY3VycmVudCBjYXBhYmlsaXRpZXMuIFRoZSBwYXRoIHRvd2FyZCBmYXVsdC10b2xlcmFudCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uIGludm9sdmVzIHNldmVyYWwgcGFyYWxsZWwgYXBwcm9hY2hlcy4gVGhlIG1vc3Qgc3RyYWlnaHRmb3J3YXJkIGJ1dCBjaGFsbGVuZ2luZyByb3V0ZSBmb2N1c2VzIG9uIGltcHJvdmluZyBwaHlzaWNhbCBxdWJpdCBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSwgd2l0aCBpbnRlbnNpdmUgZW5naW5lZXJpbmcgZWZmb3J0cyB0byByZWR1Y2UgZXJyb3IgcmF0ZXMgdGhyb3VnaCBiZXR0ZXIgbWF0ZXJpYWxzLCBmYWJyaWNhdGlvbiB0ZWNobmlxdWVzLCBjb250cm9sIHN5c3RlbXMsIGFuZCBpc29sYXRpb24gZnJvbSBlbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsIG5vaXNlLiBJZiBwaHlzaWNhbCBlcnJvciByYXRlcyBjYW4gYmUgcHVzaGVkIHNpZ25pZmljYW50bHkgYmVsb3cgY3VycmVudCBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uIHRocmVzaG9sZHMsIHRoZSBvdmVyaGVhZCByZXF1aXJlbWVudHMgYmVjb21lIHN1YnN0YW50aWFsbHkgbW9yZSBtYW5hZ2VhYmxlLiBBIGNvbXBsZW1lbnRhcnkgc3RyYXRlZ3kgaW52b2x2ZXMgZGV2ZWxvcGluZyBtb3JlIHJlc291cmNlLWVmZmljaWVudCBxdWFudHVtIGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3RpbmcgY29kZXMuIFJlY2VudCB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBhZHZhbmNlcyBpbiB0YWlsb3JlZCBjb2RlcyBvcHRpbWl6ZSBwcm90ZWN0aW9uIGFnYWluc3QgdGhlIHNwZWNpZmljIGVycm9yIGNoYW5uZWxzIHByZWRvbWluYW50IGluIHBhcnRpY3VsYXIgcGh5c2ljYWwgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb25zLiBCb3NvbmljIGNvZGVzLCB3aGljaCBlbmNvZGUgcXVhbnR1bSBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBpbiBpbmZpbml0ZS1kaW1lbnNpb25hbCBzeXN0ZW1zIGxpa2UgaGFybW9uaWMgb3NjaWxsYXRvcnMgcmF0aGVyIHRoYW4gdHdvLWxldmVsIHF1Yml0cywgb2ZmZXIgdW5pcXVlIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgZm9yIGNlcnRhaW4gcGh5c2ljYWwgcGxhdGZvcm1zLiBBZGRpdGlvbmFsbHksIHByb21pc2luZyBhcHByb2FjaGVzIGVtcGxveSBzbWFsbCBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW5nIGNvZGVzIHRvIGNyZWF0ZSAnbG9naWNhbCBidWlsZGluZyBibG9ja3MnIHdpdGggaW1wcm92ZWQgZXJyb3IgcHJvcGVydGllcyB0aGF0IGNhbiB0aGVuIGJlIGludGVncmF0ZWQgaW50byBsYXJnZXIgYXJjaGl0ZWN0dXJlcywgcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgcHJvdmlkaW5nIGEgbW9yZSBncmFkdWFsIHBhdGggdG8gZmF1bHQgdG9sZXJhbmNlIHRoYW4gdGhlIHRyYWRpdGlvbmFsIG1vZGVsIHJlcXVpcmluZyBzaW11bHRhbmVvdXMgZGVwbG95bWVudCBvZiBsYXJnZS1zY2FsZSBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uLiBTZXZlcmFsIGVycm9yIG1pdGlnYXRpb24gdGVjaG5pcXVlcyBoYXZlIGVtZXJnZWQgdG8gYnJpZGdlIHRoZSBnYXAgYmV0d2VlbiBjdXJyZW50IE5JU1EgZGV2aWNlcyBhbmQgZnVsbHkgZmF1bHQtdG9sZXJhbnQgc3lzdGVtcy4gVW5saWtlIHRydWUgZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvbiwgdGhlc2UgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyBjYW5ub3QgaW5kZWZpbml0ZWx5IHN1cHByZXNzIGVycm9ycyBmb3IgYXJiaXRyYXJ5IGNvbXB1dGF0aW9ucyBidXQgY2FuIHNpZ25pZmljYW50bHkgaW1wcm92ZSBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSBmb3Igc3BlY2lmaWMgYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBhbmQgbW9kZXN0IGNpcmN1aXQgZGVwdGhzLiBaZXJvLW5vaXNlIGV4dHJhcG9sYXRpb24gZXhlY3V0ZXMgY2lyY3VpdHMgYXQgbXVsdGlwbGUgbm9pc2UgbGV2ZWxzIGFuZCBleHRyYXBvbGF0ZXMgcmVzdWx0cyB0byBlc3RpbWF0ZSB6ZXJvLW5vaXNlIG91dGNvbWVzLiBQcm9iYWJpbGlzdGljIGVycm9yIGNhbmNlbGxhdGlvbiBjaGFyYWN0ZXJpemVzIG5vaXNlIHByb2Nlc3NlcyBhbmQgYXBwbGllcyB0aGVpciBpbnZlcnNlIG9wZXJhdGlvbnMgc3RhdGlzdGljYWxseSB0aHJvdWdoIGFkZGl0aW9uYWwgY2lyY3VpdCBlbGVtZW50cy4gVGhlc2UgdGVjaG5pcXVlcyBlbmFibGUgbGltaXRlZCBlcnJvciBzdXBwcmVzc2lvbiB3aXRob3V0IHRoZSBtYXNzaXZlIHF1Yml0IG92ZXJoZWFkIG9mIGZ1bGwgZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvbiwgcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgYWxsb3dpbmcgbWVhbmluZ2Z1bCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9ucyBiZWZvcmUgZmF1bHQtdG9sZXJhbnQgc3lzdGVtcyBiZWNvbWUgYXZhaWxhYmxlLiBMb29raW5nIGZvcndhcmQsIHNldmVyYWwgbWlsZXN0b25lcyB3aWxsIG1hcmsgcHJvZ3Jlc3MgdG93YXJkIGZhdWx0LXRvbGVyYW50IHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0YXRpb24uIFRoZSBkZW1vbnN0cmF0aW9uIG9mIGEgbG9naWNhbCBxdWJpdCBvdXRwZXJmb3JtaW5nIHBoeXNpY2FsIHF1Yml0cyBhY3Jvc3MgYWxsIHJlbGV2YW50IG1ldHJpY3MgKGNvaGVyZW5jZSB0aW1lLCBnYXRlIGZpZGVsaXRpZXMsIGV0Yy4pIHJlcHJlc2VudHMgYSBjcnVjaWFsIG5lYXItdGVybSBnb2FsLiBTdWJzZXF1ZW50bHksIGltcGxlbWVudGluZyBmYXVsdC10b2xlcmFudCBsb2dpY2FsIG9wZXJhdGlvbnMgYmV0d2VlbiBtdWx0aXBsZSBsb2dpY2FsIHF1Yml0cyB3aWxsIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRlIHRoZSBzY2FsYWJpbGl0eSBvZiBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMuIFRoZSBldmVudHVhbCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbiBvZiBlcnJvci1jb3JyZWN0ZWQgYWxnb3JpdGhtcyB3aXRoIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRlZCBxdWFudHVtIGFkdmFudGFnZSBvdmVyIGNsYXNzaWNhbCBhbHRlcm5hdGl2ZXMgd291bGQgcmVwcmVzZW50IHRoZSBjdWxtaW5hdGlvbiBvZiB0aGVzZSBlZmZvcnRzLCBlc3RhYmxpc2hpbmcgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGZhdWx0LXRvbGVyYW50IHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0YXRpb24uIFRoZSB0aW1lbGluZSBmb3IgYWNoaWV2aW5nIHRoZXNlIG1pbGVzdG9uZXMgcmVtYWlucyB1bmNlcnRhaW4sIHdpdGggZXN0aW1hdGVzIHJhbmdpbmcgZnJvbSB5ZWFycyB0byBkZWNhZGVzIGRlcGVuZGluZyBvbiB0aGUgcmF0ZSBvZiBwcm9ncmVzcyBpbiBib3RoIGhhcmR3YXJlIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcyBhbmQgdGhlb3JldGljYWwgaW5ub3ZhdGlvbnMuIEluIGNvbmNsdXNpb24sIHF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvbiBhbmQgZmF1bHQgdG9sZXJhbmNlIHJlcHJlc2VudCBib3RoIHRoZSBtb3N0IHNpZ25pZmljYW50IGNoYWxsZW5nZSBhbmQgdGhlIG1vc3QgY3J1Y2lhbCBlbmFibGVyIGZvciBwcmFjdGljYWwgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcuIFdoaWxlIHRoZSB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBmb3VuZGF0aW9ucyBhcmUgd2VsbC1lc3RhYmxpc2hlZCBhbmQgc21hbGwtc2NhbGUgZGVtb25zdHJhdGlvbnMgaGF2ZSB2YWxpZGF0ZWQga2V5IHByaW5jaXBsZXMsIHRoZSBwcmFjdGljYWwgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24gb2YgZmF1bHQtdG9sZXJhbnQgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbiByZXF1aXJlcyBzdWJzdGFudGlhbCBhZHZhbmNlcyBpbiBib3RoIGhhcmR3YXJlIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcyBhbmQgcmVzb3VyY2UtZWZmaWNpZW50IGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb24gcHJvdG9jb2xzLiBUaGUgZmllbGQgY3VycmVudGx5IGV4aXN0cyBpbiBhIHRyYW5zaXRpb25hbCBwZXJpb2QgYmV0d2VlbiBwcm9vZi1vZi1wcmluY2lwbGUgZGVtb25zdHJhdGlvbnMgYW5kIHByYWN0aWNhbCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbiwgd2l0aCBlcnJvciBtaXRpZ2F0aW9uIHRlY2huaXF1ZXMgcHJvdmlkaW5nIGFuIGludGVybWVkaWF0ZSBwYXRoIHRvd2FyZCB1c2VmdWwgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbnMuIEFzIHBoeXNpY2FsIGVycm9yIHJhdGVzIGNvbnRpbnVlIHRvIGltcHJvdmUgYW5kIG1vcmUgZWZmaWNpZW50IGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb24gc2NoZW1lcyBhcmUgZGV2ZWxvcGVkLCB0aGUgcmVzb3VyY2VzIHJlcXVpcmVkIGZvciBmYXVsdCB0b2xlcmFuY2Ugd2lsbCBncmFkdWFsbHkgYmVjb21lIG1vcmUgcHJhY3RpY2FsLCBldmVudHVhbGx5IGVuYWJsaW5nIHRoZSBmdWxsIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgcG93ZXIgcHJvbWlzZWQgYnkgcXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zLlwiXG4gICAgICBdLFxuICAgICAgaGludHM6IFwiQW5hbHl6ZSB0aGUgY3VycmVudCBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzIGFuZCBhcHByb2FjaGVzIGluIHF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvbiBhbmQgZmF1bHQgdG9sZXJhbmNlLCBhZGRyZXNzaW5nIGZ1bmRhbWVudGFsIG5vaXNlIG1lY2hhbmlzbXMgaW4gcXVhbnR1bSBzeXN0ZW1zLCB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBmcmFtZXdvcmtzIGZvciBtYW5hZ2luZyBxdWFudHVtIGVycm9ycywgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMgb24gbmVhci10ZXJtIGRldmljZXMsIGFuZCB0aGUgcGF0aHdheSB0b3dhcmQgYWNoaWV2aW5nIGVycm9yLWNvcnJlY3RlZCBsb2dpY2FsIHF1Yml0cy5cIixcbiAgICAgIGV4cGVjdGVkS2V5d29yZHM6IFtcInF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvblwiLCBcImZhdWx0IHRvbGVyYW5jZVwiLCBcImRlY29oZXJlbmNlXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBub2lzZVwiLCBcInN1cmZhY2UgY29kZXNcIiwgXCJlcnJvciB0aHJlc2hvbGRcIiwgXCJsb2dpY2FsIHF1Yml0XCIsIFwicGh5c2ljYWwgcXViaXRcIiwgXCJlcnJvciByYXRlc1wiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGluZyBjb2Rlc1wiLCBcInN5bmRyb21lIG1lYXN1cmVtZW50XCIsIFwidHJhbnN2ZXJzYWwgZ2F0ZXNcIiwgXCJtYWdpYyBzdGF0ZSBkaXN0aWxsYXRpb25cIiwgXCJzdGFiaWxpemVyIGZvcm1hbGlzbVwiLCBcInRvcG9sb2dpY2FsIGNvZGVzXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBzdXByZW1hY3lcIiwgXCJOSVNRIGRldmljZXNcIiwgXCJlcnJvciBtaXRpZ2F0aW9uXCIsIFwiZ2F0ZSBmaWRlbGl0eVwiLCBcImZhdWx0LXRvbGVyYW50IHRocmVzaG9sZFwiXSxcbiAgICAgIGZlZWRiYWNrOiB7XG4gICAgICAgIGNvcnJlY3Q6IFwiWW91ciBhbmFseXNpcyBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb24gYW5kIGZhdWx0IHRvbGVyYW5jZSBkZW1vbnN0cmF0ZXMgcmVtYXJrYWJsZSB0ZWNobmljYWwgc29waGlzdGljYXRpb24uIExldCdzIG5vdyBleGFtaW5lIGEgcXVlc3Rpb24gYXQgdGhlIGludGVyc2VjdGlvbiBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhbmQgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9uczogSG93IHdvdWxkIHlvdSBldmFsdWF0ZSBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZydzIHBvdGVudGlhbCBpbXBhY3Qgb24gY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGh5IGFuZCBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBzZWN1cml0eT8gQ29uc2lkZXIgdGhlIGltcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgZm9yIGN1cnJlbnQgY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpYyBzeXN0ZW1zLCB0aGUgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnQgb2YgcG9zdC1xdWFudHVtIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgc3RhbmRhcmRzLCBxdWFudHVtIGtleSBkaXN0cmlidXRpb24gYW5kIHF1YW50dW0gY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpYyBhcHByb2FjaGVzLCBhbmQgc3RyYXRlZ2llcyBmb3IgdHJhbnNpdGlvbmluZyBleGlzdGluZyBzZWN1cml0eSBpbmZyYXN0cnVjdHVyZSB0byBiZWNvbWUgcXVhbnR1bS1yZXNpc3RhbnQuXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIHBhcnRpYWw6IFwiWW91J3ZlIHRvdWNoZWQgb24gc29tZSBpbXBvcnRhbnQgYXNwZWN0cyBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb24gYW5kIGZhdWx0IHRvbGVyYW5jZS4gQ291bGQgeW91IGRldmVsb3AgeW91ciBhbmFseXNpcyBmdXJ0aGVyIGJ5IG1vcmUgZXhwbGljaXRseSBhZGRyZXNzaW5nIHRoZSBmdW5kYW1lbnRhbCBub2lzZSBtZWNoYW5pc21zIGluIHF1YW50dW0gc3lzdGVtcywgdGhlIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGZyYW1ld29ya3MgZm9yIG1hbmFnaW5nIHF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3JzLCB0aGUgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMgb24gbmVhci10ZXJtIGRldmljZXMsIGFuZCB0aGUgcGF0aHdheSB0b3dhcmQgYWNoaWV2aW5nIGVycm9yLWNvcnJlY3RlZCBsb2dpY2FsIHF1Yml0cyBjYXBhYmxlIG9mIHVuaXZlcnNhbCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uP1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBpbmNvcnJlY3Q6IFwiSSdkIGxpa2UgeW91IHRvIGZvY3VzIG1vcmUgZGlyZWN0bHkgb24gYW5hbHl6aW5nIHRoZSBjdXJyZW50IGNoYWxsZW5nZXMgYW5kIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgaW4gcXVhbnR1bSBlcnJvciBjb3JyZWN0aW9uIGFuZCBmYXVsdCB0b2xlcmFuY2UsIHNwZWNpZmljYWxseSBhZGRyZXNzaW5nIHRoZSBmdW5kYW1lbnRhbCBub2lzZSBtZWNoYW5pc21zIGluIHF1YW50dW0gc3lzdGVtcywgdGhlIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGZyYW1ld29ya3MgZm9yIG1hbmFnaW5nIHF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3JzLCB0aGUgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMgb24gbmVhci10ZXJtIGRldmljZXMsIGFuZCB0aGUgcGF0aHdheSB0b3dhcmQgYWNoaWV2aW5nIGVycm9yLWNvcnJlY3RlZCBsb2dpY2FsIHF1Yml0cyBjYXBhYmxlIG9mIHVuaXZlcnNhbCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uLlwiXG4gICAgICB9XG4gICAgfSxcbiAgIHtcbiAgICAgIGlkOiA0LFxuICAgICAgYm90TWVzc2FnZTogXCJZb3VyIGFuYWx5c2lzIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvbiBhbmQgZmF1bHQgdG9sZXJhbmNlIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRlcyByZW1hcmthYmxlIHRlY2huaWNhbCBzb3BoaXN0aWNhdGlvbi4gTGV0J3Mgbm93IGV4YW1pbmUgYSBxdWVzdGlvbiBhdCB0aGUgaW50ZXJzZWN0aW9uIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIGFuZCBwcmFjdGljYWwgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zOiBIb3cgd291bGQgeW91IGV2YWx1YXRlIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nJ3MgcG90ZW50aWFsIGltcGFjdCBvbiBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHkgYW5kIGluZm9ybWF0aW9uIHNlY3VyaXR5PyBDb25zaWRlciB0aGUgaW1wbGljYXRpb25zIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBmb3IgY3VycmVudCBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIHN5c3RlbXMsIHRoZSBkZXZlbG9wbWVudCBvZiBwb3N0LXF1YW50dW0gY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpYyBzdGFuZGFyZHMsIHF1YW50dW0ga2V5IGRpc3RyaWJ1dGlvbiBhbmQgcXVhbnR1bSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMsIGFuZCBzdHJhdGVnaWVzIGZvciB0cmFuc2l0aW9uaW5nIGV4aXN0aW5nIHNlY3VyaXR5IGluZnJhc3RydWN0dXJlIHRvIGJlY29tZSBxdWFudHVtLXJlc2lzdGFudC5cIixcbiAgICAgIGlucHV0TW9kZTogXCJoeWJyaWRcIixcbiAgICAgIHN1Z2dlc3Rpb25zOiBbXG4gICAgICAgIFwiUXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcncyByZWxhdGlvbnNoaXAgd2l0aCBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHkgYW5kIGluZm9ybWF0aW9uIHNlY3VyaXR5IHJlcHJlc2VudHMgYSBmYXNjaW5hdGluZyBkdWFsaXR54oCUcG9zaW5nIHBlcmhhcHMgdGhlIG1vc3Qgc2lnbmlmaWNhbnQgdGhyZWF0IHRvIGN1cnJlbnQgc2VjdXJpdHkgaW5mcmFzdHJ1Y3R1cmUgd2hpbGUgc2ltdWx0YW5lb3VzbHkgb2ZmZXJpbmcgbm92ZWwgbWVjaGFuaXNtcyBmb3IgZXN0YWJsaXNoaW5nIGluZm9ybWF0aW9uLXRoZW9yZXRpY2FsbHkgc2VjdXJlIGNvbW11bmljYXRpb25zLiBFdmFsdWF0aW5nIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nJ3MgaW1wYWN0IHJlcXVpcmVzIGFuYWx5emluZyBib3RoIHRoZSB2dWxuZXJhYmlsaXRpZXMgaXQgY3JlYXRlcyBpbiBjb252ZW50aW9uYWwgY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGh5IGFuZCB0aGUgbmV3IHNlY3VyaXR5IHBhcmFkaWdtcyBpdCBlbmFibGVzLCBhcyB3ZWxsIGFzIHRoZSBwcmFjdGljYWwgY2hhbGxlbmdlcyBvZiB0cmFuc2l0aW9uaW5nIGdsb2JhbCBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBzZWN1cml0eSBzeXN0ZW1zIHRvIG1haW50YWluIGNvbmZpZGVudGlhbGl0eSBhbmQgaW50ZWdyaXR5IGluIGEgcG9zdC1xdWFudHVtIHdvcmxkLiBUaGUgbW9zdCBkaXJlY3QgYW5kIHNpZ25pZmljYW50IGltcGFjdCBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBvbiBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHkgc3RlbXMgZnJvbSBzcGVjaWZpYyBxdWFudHVtIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgdGhhdCBjYW4gZWZmaWNpZW50bHkgc29sdmUgbWF0aGVtYXRpY2FsIHByb2JsZW1zIHVuZGVycGlubmluZyB3aWRlbHkgZGVwbG95ZWQgcHVibGljLWtleSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIHN5c3RlbXMuIFNob3IncyBhbGdvcml0aG0sIHB1Ymxpc2hlZCBpbiAxOTk0LCBkZW1vbnN0cmF0ZXMgdGhhdCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGVycyBjYW4gZWZmaWNpZW50bHkgZmFjdG9yIGxhcmdlIGludGVnZXJzIGFuZCBjb21wdXRlIGRpc2NyZXRlIGxvZ2FyaXRobXMsIGRpcmVjdGx5IGNvbXByb21pc2luZyB0aGUgc2VjdXJpdHkgb2YgUlNBLCBEU0EsIEVDRFNBLCBhbmQgcmVsYXRlZCBwdWJsaWMta2V5IGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgc3lzdGVtcyB0aGF0IHNlY3VyZSBtb3N0IGludGVybmV0IGNvbW11bmljYXRpb25zLCBmaW5hbmNpYWwgdHJhbnNhY3Rpb25zLCBhbmQgZGlnaXRhbCBzaWduYXR1cmVzLiBXaGlsZSByZXF1aXJpbmcgc3Vic3RhbnRpYWwgZmF1bHQtdG9sZXJhbnQgcXVhbnR1bSByZXNvdXJjZXMgYmV5b25kIGN1cnJlbnQgY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzLCB0aGUgbWVyZSB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBwb3NzaWJpbGl0eSBvZiBTaG9yJ3MgYWxnb3JpdGhtIGhhcyBwcm9mb3VuZCBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMgZm9yIGxvbmctdGVybSBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBzZWN1cml0eSwgcGFydGljdWxhcmx5IGZvciBkYXRhIHJlcXVpcmluZyBleHRlbmRlZCBjb25maWRlbnRpYWxpdHkgcGVyaW9kcy4gVGhlIE5hdGlvbmFsIEluc3RpdHV0ZSBvZiBTdGFuZGFyZHMgYW5kIFRlY2hub2xvZ3kgZXN0aW1hdGVzIHRoYXQgYSBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGVyIHdpdGggYXBwcm94aW1hdGVseSA0LDAwMC04LDAwMCBsb2dpY2FsIHF1Yml0cyBjb3VsZCBicmVhayAyMDQ4LWJpdCBSU0EgZW5jcnlwdGlvbiBpbiBhIG1hdHRlciBvZiBob3VycywgdGhvdWdoIHJlYWxpemluZyBzdWNoIGEgbWFjaGluZSBtYXkgcmVxdWlyZSBtaWxsaW9ucyBvZiBwaHlzaWNhbCBxdWJpdHMgd2l0aCBjdXJyZW50IGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb24gYXBwcm9hY2hlcy4gR3JvdmVyJ3MgYWxnb3JpdGhtIHBvc2VzIGEgbW9yZSBtb2RlcmF0ZSBidXQgYnJvYWRlciB0aHJlYXQsIG9mZmVyaW5nIGEgcXVhZHJhdGljIHNwZWVkdXAgZm9yIGF0dGFja2luZyBzeW1tZXRyaWMgY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpYyBzeXN0ZW1zIGxpa2UgQUVTIGFuZCBoYXNoIGZ1bmN0aW9ucy4gV2hpbGUgbGVzcyBkcmFtYXRpYyB0aGFuIFNob3IncyBleHBvbmVudGlhbCBhZHZhbnRhZ2UsIHRoaXMgc3BlZWR1cCBlZmZlY3RpdmVseSBoYWx2ZXMgdGhlIHNlY3VyaXR5IHN0cmVuZ3RoIG9mIHN5bW1ldHJpYyBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIHByaW1pdGl2ZXPigJRmb3IgaW5zdGFuY2UsIHJlZHVjaW5nIDEyOC1iaXQgQUVTIHNlY3VyaXR5IHRvIGFwcHJveGltYXRlbHkgNjQtYml0IGVxdWl2YWxlbnQgc3RyZW5ndGggYWdhaW5zdCBxdWFudHVtIGF0dGFja3MuIENvbnNlcXVlbnRseSwgbWFueSBzZWN1cml0eSBleHBlcnRzIHJlY29tbWVuZCBkb3VibGluZyBrZXkgbGVuZ3RocyBmb3Igc3ltbWV0cmljIHN5c3RlbXMgdG8gbWFpbnRhaW4gZXF1aXZhbGVudCBzZWN1cml0eSBsZXZlbHMgaW4gYSBwb3N0LXF1YW50dW0gZW52aXJvbm1lbnQuIEZvcnR1bmF0ZWx5LCB1bmxpa2UgdGhlIGFzeW1tZXRyaWMgY2FzZSwgdGhpcyBhZGp1c3RtZW50IHJlcHJlc2VudHMgYSByZWxhdGl2ZWx5IG1hbmFnZWFibGUgdHJhbnNpdGlvbiBmb3IgbW9zdCBzeW1tZXRyaWMgY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpYyBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbnMuIFRoZSBzZWN1cml0eSB0aHJlYXQgcG9zZWQgYnkgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgaGFzIGNhdGFseXplZCBleHRlbnNpdmUgcmVzZWFyY2ggaW50byBwb3N0LXF1YW50dW0gY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGh5IChQUUMp4oCUY2xhc3NpY2FsIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgc3lzdGVtcyByZXNpc3RhbnQgdG8gYm90aCBjb252ZW50aW9uYWwgYW5kIHF1YW50dW0gYXR0YWNrcy4gVGhlc2UgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyByZWx5IG9uIGFsdGVybmF0aXZlIG1hdGhlbWF0aWNhbCBwcm9ibGVtcyBiZWxpZXZlZCB0byByZXNpc3QgZWZmaWNpZW50IHF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtcy4gVGhlIG1haW4gUFFDIGZhbWlsaWVzIGluY2x1ZGUgbGF0dGljZS1iYXNlZCBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHksIHdoaWNoIGJhc2VzIHNlY3VyaXR5IG9uIHRoZSBkaWZmaWN1bHR5IG9mIGZpbmRpbmcgc2hvcnRlc3QgdmVjdG9ycyBpbiBoaWdoLWRpbWVuc2lvbmFsIGxhdHRpY2VzOyBjb2RlLWJhc2VkIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeSwgcmVseWluZyBvbiB0aGUgaGFyZG5lc3Mgb2YgZGVjb2RpbmcgZ2VuZXJhbCBsaW5lYXIgY29kZXM7IG11bHRpdmFyaWF0ZSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHksIHVzaW5nIHRoZSBkaWZmaWN1bHR5IG9mIHNvbHZpbmcgc3lzdGVtcyBvZiBtdWx0aXZhcmlhdGUgcG9seW5vbWlhbCBlcXVhdGlvbnM7IGhhc2gtYmFzZWQgc2lnbmF0dXJlcywgd2hvc2Ugc2VjdXJpdHkgZGVyaXZlcyBmcm9tIHRoZSBwcm9wZXJ0aWVzIG9mIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgaGFzaCBmdW5jdGlvbnM7IGFuZCBpc29nZW55LWJhc2VkIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeSwgd2hpY2ggbGV2ZXJhZ2VzIGNvbXBsZXggbWF0aGVtYXRpY2FsIHJlbGF0aW9uc2hpcHMgYmV0d2VlbiBlbGxpcHRpYyBjdXJ2ZXMuIE5JU1QgaW5pdGlhdGVkIGEgc3RhbmRhcmRpemF0aW9uIHByb2Nlc3MgZm9yIHBvc3QtcXVhbnR1bSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgaW4gMjAxNiwgYWR2YW5jaW5nIHRvIGl0cyBmb3VydGggcm91bmQgd2l0aCBzZXZlcmFsIHByb21pc2luZyBjYW5kaWRhdGVzLiBJbiBKdWx5IDIwMjIsIE5JU1Qgc2VsZWN0ZWQgQ1JZU1RBTFMtS3liZXIgKGEgbGF0dGljZS1iYXNlZCBrZXkgZW5jYXBzdWxhdGlvbiBtZWNoYW5pc20pIGFuZCB0aHJlZSBzaWduYXR1cmUgYWxnb3JpdGhtcyAoQ1JZU1RBTFMtRGlsaXRoaXVtLCBGQUxDT04sIGFuZCBTUEhJTkNTKykgZm9yIHN0YW5kYXJkaXphdGlvbiwgd2l0aCBhZGRpdGlvbmFsIGNhbmRpZGF0ZXMgdW5kZXIgY29udGludWVkIGV2YWx1YXRpb24uIFRoZXNlIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgb2ZmZXIgdmFyeWluZyB0cmFkZW9mZnMgYmV0d2VlbiBrZXkgc2l6ZSwgY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCBlZmZpY2llbmN5LCBhbmQgc2VjdXJpdHkgYXNzdXJhbmNlLiBXaGlsZSBlc3RhYmxpc2hpbmcgcXVhbnR1bS1yZXNpc3RhbnQgc3RhbmRhcmRzIHJlcHJlc2VudHMgc2lnbmlmaWNhbnQgcHJvZ3Jlc3MsIHRyYW5zaXRpb25pbmcgZXhpc3RpbmcgaW5mcmFzdHJ1Y3R1cmUgcHJlc2VudHMgZW5vcm1vdXMgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMuIEdsb2JhbCBzeXN0ZW1zIGNvbnRhaW4gY291bnRsZXNzIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb25zIGFjcm9zcyBkaXZlcnNlIHBsYXRmb3JtcywgZnJvbSBoaWdoLXBlcmZvcm1hbmNlIGRhdGEgY2VudGVycyB0byByZXNvdXJjZS1jb25zdHJhaW5lZCBlbWJlZGRlZCBkZXZpY2VzIGFuZCBsZWdhY3kgc3lzdGVtcyB3aXRoIGxpbWl0ZWQgdXBncmFkZSBjYXBhYmlsaXRpZXMuIE1hbnkgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb25zIGhhcmRjb2RlIHNwZWNpZmljIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgYXNzdW1wdGlvbnMgb3IgaGF2ZSBjb25zdHJhaW5lZCBlbnZpcm9ubWVudHMgdW5hYmxlIHRvIHN1cHBvcnQgdGhlIHR5cGljYWxseSBsYXJnZXIga2V5cyBhbmQgbW9yZSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsbHkgaW50ZW5zaXZlIG9wZXJhdGlvbnMgb2YgcG9zdC1xdWFudHVtIGFsZ29yaXRobXMuIENvbnNlcXVlbnRseSwgdHJhbnNpdGlvbiBzdHJhdGVnaWVzIG11c3QgYmFsYW5jZSBzZWN1cml0eSByZXF1aXJlbWVudHMgYWdhaW5zdCBwcmFjdGljYWwgZGVwbG95bWVudCBjb25zdHJhaW50cy4gSHlicmlkIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMsIHdoaWNoIGNvbWJpbmUgY29udmVudGlvbmFsIGFuZCBwb3N0LXF1YW50dW0gbWV0aG9kcywgb2ZmZXIgb25lIHByb21pc2luZyB0cmFuc2l0aW9uIHN0cmF0ZWd5LiBUaGVzZSBhcHByb2FjaGVzIG1haW50YWluIGJhY2t3YXJkIGNvbXBhdGliaWxpdHkgd2hpbGUgaW5jcmVtZW50YWxseSBpbnRyb2R1Y2luZyBxdWFudHVtIHJlc2lzdGFuY2UsIHR5cGljYWxseSBieSBjb21iaW5pbmcga2V5IGVzdGFibGlzaG1lbnQgZnJvbSBib3RoIHRyYWRpdGlvbmFsIGFuZCBwb3N0LXF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtcy4gQ3VycmVudCBUTFMgaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb25zIGFyZSBleHBsb3Jpbmcgc3VjaCBoeWJyaWQga2V5IGV4Y2hhbmdlIG1lY2hhbmlzbXMsIHBvdGVudGlhbGx5IGFsbG93aW5nIGdyYWR1YWwgZWNvc3lzdGVtIHRyYW5zaXRpb24gd2hpbGUgbWFpbnRhaW5pbmcgY29tcGF0aWJpbGl0eSB3aXRoIGV4aXN0aW5nIHN5c3RlbXMuIE5ldmVydGhlbGVzcywgY29tcGxldGUgaW5mcmFzdHJ1Y3R1cmUgdHJhbnNpdGlvbiB3aWxsIGxpa2VseSByZXF1aXJlIGRlY2FkZXPigJRwb3RlbnRpYWxseSBvdmVybGFwcGluZyB3aXRoIHRoZSBlbWVyZ2VuY2Ugb2YgY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpY2FsbHkgcmVsZXZhbnQgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRlcnMgYW5kIGNyZWF0aW5nIGEgY3JpdGljYWwgc2VjdXJpdHkgdGltZWxpbmUgY2hhbGxlbmdlLiBXaGlsZSBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyB0aHJlYXRlbnMgY29udmVudGlvbmFsIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeSwgaXQgc2ltdWx0YW5lb3VzbHkgZW5hYmxlcyBub3ZlbCBxdWFudHVtIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyBwcm92aWRpbmcgdW5pcXVlIHNlY3VyaXR5IGd1YXJhbnRlZXMuIFF1YW50dW0ga2V5IGRpc3RyaWJ1dGlvbiAoUUtEKSwgZmlyc3QgcHJvcG9zZWQgaW4gdGhlIEJCODQgcHJvdG9jb2wsIGxldmVyYWdlcyBmdW5kYW1lbnRhbCBxdWFudHVtIG1lY2hhbmljYWwgcHJpbmNpcGxlc+KAlHBhcnRpY3VsYXJseSB0aGUgbm8tY2xvbmluZyB0aGVvcmVtIGFuZCBtZWFzdXJlbWVudCBkaXN0dXJiYW5jZeKAlHRvIGVzdGFibGlzaCBzaGFyZWQga2V5cyBiZXR3ZWVuIHBhcnRpZXMgd2l0aCBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbi10aGVvcmV0aWMgc2VjdXJpdHkgcmF0aGVyIHRoYW4gY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCBzZWN1cml0eS4gUUtEIHN5c3RlbXMgY2FuIGRldGVjdCBlYXZlc2Ryb3BwaW5nIGF0dGVtcHRzIHRocm91Z2ggaW5jcmVhc2VkIGVycm9yIHJhdGVzIGNhdXNlZCBieSBtZWFzdXJlbWVudCBkaXN0dXJiYW5jZSwgYWxsb3dpbmcgdXNlcnMgdG8gZGlzY2FyZCBwb3RlbnRpYWxseSBjb21wcm9taXNlZCBrZXlzLiBDb21tZXJjaWFsIFFLRCBzeXN0ZW1zIGFscmVhZHkgb3BlcmF0ZSBpbiBsaW1pdGVkIGRlcGxveW1lbnRzLCB0aG91Z2ggcHJpbWFyaWx5IGluIHNwZWNpYWxpemVkIGhpZ2gtc2VjdXJpdHkgZW52aXJvbm1lbnRzIGR1ZSB0byBzaWduaWZpY2FudCBwcmFjdGljYWwgbGltaXRhdGlvbnMuIEN1cnJlbnQgUUtEIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9ucyBmYWNlIHNldmVyYWwgY29uc3RyYWludHM6IHRoZXkgdHlwaWNhbGx5IHJlcXVpcmUgZGVkaWNhdGVkIG9wdGljYWwgZmliZXIgY29ubmVjdGlvbnMgd2l0aCBsaW1pdGVkIGRpc3RhbmNlIChhcHByb3hpbWF0ZWx5IDEwMC0yMDAga20gd2l0aG91dCBxdWFudHVtIHJlcGVhdGVycyk7IHRoZXkgb2ZmZXIgcmVsYXRpdmVseSBsb3cga2V5IGdlbmVyYXRpb24gcmF0ZXM7IHRoZXkgcmVtYWluIHZ1bG5lcmFibGUgdG8gc2lkZS1jaGFubmVsIGF0dGFja3MgdGFyZ2V0aW5nIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uIGZsYXdzIHJhdGhlciB0aGFuIHRoZSB1bmRlcmx5aW5nIHByb3RvY29sOyBhbmQgdGhleSBhZGRyZXNzIG9ubHkgdGhlIGtleSBkaXN0cmlidXRpb24gYXNwZWN0IG9mIHNlY3VyaXR5IHJhdGhlciB0aGFuIHByb3ZpZGluZyBjb21wbGV0ZSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIHNvbHV0aW9ucy4gQWRkaXRpb25hbGx5LCBRS0QgcmVxdWlyZXMgYXV0aGVudGljYXRlZCBjbGFzc2ljYWwgY29tbXVuaWNhdGlvbiBjaGFubmVscyB0byBwcmV2ZW50IG1hbi1pbi10aGUtbWlkZGxlIGF0dGFja3MsIHR5cGljYWxseSByZWx5aW5nIG9uIGNvbnZlbnRpb25hbCBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIG1lY2hhbmlzbXMgdGhhdCB0aGVtc2VsdmVzIG1heSBiZSB2dWxuZXJhYmxlIHRvIHF1YW50dW0gYXR0YWNrcy4gQmV5b25kIFFLRCwgbW9yZSBhZHZhbmNlZCBxdWFudHVtIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgcHJvdG9jb2xzIG9mZmVyIGFkZGl0aW9uYWwgY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzLiBRdWFudHVtIGRpZ2l0YWwgc2lnbmF0dXJlcyBwcm92aWRlIHVuZm9yZ2VhYmxlIGF1dGhlbnRpY2F0aW9uIHdpdGggaW5mb3JtYXRpb24tdGhlb3JldGljIHNlY3VyaXR5IGd1YXJhbnRlZXMuIFNlY3VyZSBxdWFudHVtIG11bHRpcGFydHkgY29tcHV0YXRpb24gcHJvdG9jb2xzIGVuYWJsZSBqb2ludCBjb21wdXRhdGlvbiB3aGlsZSBwcmVzZXJ2aW5nIGlucHV0IHByaXZhY3kuIFF1YW50dW0gc2VjcmV0IHNoYXJpbmcgYWxsb3dzIHNwbGl0dGluZyBzZW5zaXRpdmUgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gYWNyb3NzIG11bHRpcGxlIHBhcnRpZXMgcmVxdWlyaW5nIGNvbGxhYm9yYXRpb24gZm9yIHJlY29uc3RydWN0aW9uLiBXaGlsZSB0aGVzZSBhZHZhbmNlZCBwcm90b2NvbHMgcmVtYWluIGxhcmdlbHkgdGhlb3JldGljYWwgb3IgY29uZmluZWQgdG8gbGFib3JhdG9yeSBkZW1vbnN0cmF0aW9ucywgdGhleSBpbGx1c3RyYXRlIHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb24ncyBwb3RlbnRpYWwgdG8gcmV2b2x1dGlvbml6ZSBzZWN1cml0eSBwYXJhZGlnbXMgYmV5b25kIG1lcmVseSBhZGRyZXNzaW5nIHZ1bG5lcmFiaWxpdGllcyBpbiBjb252ZW50aW9uYWwgYXBwcm9hY2hlcy4gQSBiYWxhbmNlZCBldmFsdWF0aW9uIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nJ3MgY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpYyBpbXBhY3QgbXVzdCBjb25zaWRlciBib3RoIHRpbWVsaW5lcyBhbmQgdGhyZWF0IG1vZGVscy4gQ3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpY2FsbHkgcmVsZXZhbnQgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRlcnMgY2FwYWJsZSBvZiBicmVha2luZyBSU0EtMjA0OCBsaWtlbHkgcmVtYWluIGF0IGxlYXN0IGEgZGVjYWRlIGF3YXksIHdpdGggbW9yZSBjb25zZXJ2YXRpdmUgZXN0aW1hdGVzIHN1Z2dlc3Rpbmcgc2V2ZXJhbCBkZWNhZGVzIG9mIGRldmVsb3BtZW50IHJlcXVpcmVkLiBIb3dldmVyLCB0aGUgJ2hhcnZlc3Qgbm93LCBkZWNyeXB0IGxhdGVyJyBzdHJhdGVneeKAlHdoZXJlIGFkdmVyc2FyaWVzIGNvbGxlY3QgZW5jcnlwdGVkIGRhdGEgbm93IGZvciBsYXRlciBkZWNyeXB0aW9uIG9uY2UgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzIG1hdHVyZeKAlGNyZWF0ZXMgaW1tZWRpYXRlIHNlY3VyaXR5IGNvbmNlcm5zIGZvciBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiByZXF1aXJpbmcgbG9uZy10ZXJtIGNvbmZpZGVudGlhbGl0eS4gT3JnYW5pemF0aW9ucyBtdXN0IGV2YWx1YXRlIHRoZWlyIHNwZWNpZmljIHRocmVhdCBtb2RlbHMsIGNvbnNpZGVyaW5nIGZhY3RvcnMgbGlrZSByZXF1aXJlZCBzZWN1cml0eSBsaWZldGltZXMsIGFkdmVyc2FyeSBjYXBhYmlsaXRpZXMgYW5kIHJlc291cmNlcywgYW5kIHRoZSBzZW5zaXRpdml0eSBvZiBwcm90ZWN0ZWQgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24uIENyaXRpY2FsIGluZnJhc3RydWN0dXJlLCBnb3Zlcm5tZW50IGNvbW11bmljYXRpb25zLCBmaW5hbmNpYWwgc3lzdGVtcywgaGVhbHRoY2FyZSByZWNvcmRzLCBhbmQgaW50ZWxsZWN0dWFsIHByb3BlcnR5IHdpdGggbG9uZy10ZXJtIHZhbHVlIGZhY2UgcGFydGljdWxhcmx5IGFjdXRlIHJpc2tzIHJlcXVpcmluZyBlYXJsaWVyIG1pdGlnYXRpb24uIFByYWN0aWNhbCB0cmFuc2l0aW9uIHN0cmF0ZWdpZXMgbXVzdCBhZGRyZXNzIHNldmVyYWwga2V5IGNoYWxsZW5nZXMuIENyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgYWdpbGl0eeKAlGRlc2lnbmluZyBzeXN0ZW1zIHRoYXQgY2FuIGVhc2lseSB0cmFuc2l0aW9uIGJldHdlZW4gZGlmZmVyZW50IGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgcHJpbWl0aXZlcyB3aXRob3V0IGV4dGVuc2l2ZSByZWFyY2hpdGVjdGluZ+KAlHJlcHJlc2VudHMgYSBjcnVjaWFsIG5lYXItdGVybSBwcmlvcml0eS4gTWFpbnRhaW5pbmcgYXdhcmVuZXNzIG9mIHBvc3QtcXVhbnR1bSBzdGFuZGFyZGl6YXRpb24gZWZmb3J0cyBhbmQgaW1wbGVtZW50aW5nIGh5YnJpZCBhcHByb2FjaGVzIHdoZW4gcHJhY3RpY2FsIHByb3ZpZGVzIGluY3JlbWVudGFsIHNlY3VyaXR5IGltcHJvdmVtZW50cyB3aGlsZSBzdGFuZGFyZHMgbWF0dXJlLiBPcmdhbml6YXRpb25zIHNob3VsZCBpbnZlbnRvcnkgY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpYyBhc3NldHMsIHByaW9yaXRpemluZyBzeXN0ZW1zIHByb3RlY3RpbmcgdGhlIG1vc3Qgc2Vuc2l0aXZlIGluZm9ybWF0aW9uIHdpdGggdGhlIGxvbmdlc3Qgc2VjdXJpdHkgbGlmZXRpbWUgcmVxdWlyZW1lbnRzLiBGb3IgbmV3IHN5c3RlbXMsIGRlc2lnbmluZyB3aXRoIHBvc3QtcXVhbnR1bSBjb25zaWRlcmF0aW9ucyBmcm9tIHRoZSBvdXRzZXQgYXZvaWRzIGNvc3RseSByZXRyb2ZpdHRpbmcgbGF0ZXIuIFNldmVyYWwgaW5kdXN0cmllcyBmYWNlIHVuaXF1ZSB0cmFuc2l0aW9uIGNoYWxsZW5nZXMuIEZpbmFuY2lhbCBzZXJ2aWNlcyBtdXN0IGJhbGFuY2Ugc2VjdXJpdHkgcmVxdWlyZW1lbnRzIGFnYWluc3QgdHJhbnNhY3Rpb24gcGVyZm9ybWFuY2UgbmVlZHMsIHdpdGggc29tZSBwb3N0LXF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBpbXBvc2luZyBzaWduaWZpY2FudCBjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsIG92ZXJoZWFkLiBIZWFsdGhjYXJlIHN5c3RlbXMgY29udGFpbiBudW1lcm91cyBsZWdhY3kgZGV2aWNlcyB3aXRoIGxpbWl0ZWQgdXBkYXRlIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcyB5ZXQgcHJvY2VzcyBoaWdobHkgc2Vuc2l0aXZlIGluZm9ybWF0aW9uIHJlcXVpcmluZyBsb25nLXRlcm0gcHJvdGVjdGlvbi4gVGVsZWNvbW11bmljYXRpb25zIGluZnJhc3RydWN0dXJlIGZvcm1zIHRoZSBiYWNrYm9uZSBmb3Igc2VjdXJlIGNvbW11bmljYXRpb25zIGJ1dCBpbmNsdWRlcyBlcXVpcG1lbnQgd2l0aCBkZWNhZGVzLWxvbmcgZGVwbG95bWVudCBsaWZlY3ljbGVzLCBjcmVhdGluZyBjb21wbGV4IHVwZ3JhZGUgZGVwZW5kZW5jaWVzLiBHb3Zlcm5tZW50IGFuZCBtaWxpdGFyeSBzeXN0ZW1zIG9mdGVuIGhhdmUgdGhlIG1vc3Qgc3RyaW5nZW50IHNlY3VyaXR5IHJlcXVpcmVtZW50cyBidXQgYWxzbyB0aGUgbW9zdCBkaXZlcnNlIGRlcGxveW1lbnQgZW52aXJvbm1lbnRzLCBmcm9tIGhpZ2gtcGVyZm9ybWFuY2UgaW50ZWxsaWdlbmNlIHN5c3RlbXMgdG8gZmllbGQtZGVwbG95ZWQgdGFjdGljYWwgbmV0d29ya3Mgd2l0aCBzZXZlcmUgcmVzb3VyY2UgY29uc3RyYWludHMuIEluIGNvbmNsdXNpb24sIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIHJlcHJlc2VudHMgYm90aCBhbiB1bnByZWNlZGVudGVkIHRocmVhdCB0byBjb252ZW50aW9uYWwgY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpYyBzZWN1cml0eSBhbmQgYW4gZW5hYmxlciBvZiBub3ZlbCBzZWN1cml0eSBwYXJhZGlnbXMgd2l0aCB1bmlxdWUgZ3VhcmFudGVlcy4gV2hpbGUgdGhlIHRpbWVsaW5lIGZvciBkZXZlbG9waW5nIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWNhbGx5IHJlbGV2YW50IHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0ZXJzIHJlbWFpbnMgdW5jZXJ0YWluLCB0aGUgZXh0ZW5zaXZlIGluZnJhc3RydWN0dXJlIHRyYW5zaXRpb24gcmVxdWlyZW1lbnRzIG5lY2Vzc2l0YXRlIHByb2FjdGl2ZSBwcmVwYXJhdGlvbi4gUG9zdC1xdWFudHVtIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgc3RhbmRhcmRzIHByb3ZpZGUgdGhlIGZvdW5kYXRpb24gZm9yIHRoaXMgdHJhbnNpdGlvbiwgdGhvdWdoIGltcGxlbWVudGluZyB0aGVzZSBzdGFuZGFyZHMgYWNyb3NzIGdsb2JhbCBzeXN0ZW1zIHByZXNlbnRzIGVub3Jtb3VzIHRlY2huaWNhbCBhbmQgb3JnYW5pemF0aW9uYWwgY2hhbGxlbmdlcy4gQmFsYW5jaW5nIHNlY3VyaXR5IHJlcXVpcmVtZW50cyBhZ2FpbnN0IHByYWN0aWNhbCBkZXBsb3ltZW50IGNvbnN0cmFpbnRzIHdpbGwgcmVxdWlyZSBjYXJlZnVsIHBsYW5uaW5nLCBwcmlvcml0aXphdGlvbiBiYXNlZCBvbiByaXNrIGFzc2Vzc21lbnQsIGFuZCBwb3RlbnRpYWxseSBkZWNhZGVzIG9mIGNvb3JkaW5hdGVkIGVmZm9ydCBhY3Jvc3MgaW5kdXN0cnksIGdvdmVybm1lbnQsIGFuZCBhY2FkZW1pYyBzdGFrZWhvbGRlcnMuIFRoZSBzZWN1cml0eSBjb21tdW5pdHkgbXVzdCBuYXZpZ2F0ZSB0aGlzIHRyYW5zaXRpb24gcGVyaW9kIHRob3VnaHRmdWxseSB0byBtYWludGFpbiBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBzZWN1cml0eSB0aHJvdWdoIHdoYXQgbWF5IGJlIHRoZSBtb3N0IHNpZ25pZmljYW50IGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgcGFyYWRpZ20gc2hpZnQgaW4gZGlnaXRhbCBoaXN0b3J5LlwiXG4gICAgICBdLFxuICAgICAgaGludHM6IFwiRXZhbHVhdGUgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcncyBwb3RlbnRpYWwgaW1wYWN0IG9uIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeSBhbmQgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gc2VjdXJpdHksIGFkZHJlc3NpbmcgaW1wbGljYXRpb25zIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBmb3IgY3VycmVudCBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIHN5c3RlbXMsIGRldmVsb3BtZW50IG9mIHBvc3QtcXVhbnR1bSBzdGFuZGFyZHMsIHF1YW50dW0ga2V5IGRpc3RyaWJ1dGlvbiBhcHByb2FjaGVzLCBhbmQgc3RyYXRlZ2llcyBmb3IgdHJhbnNpdGlvbmluZyB0byBxdWFudHVtLXJlc2lzdGFudCBpbmZyYXN0cnVjdHVyZS5cIixcbiAgICAgIGV4cGVjdGVkS2V5d29yZHM6IFtcIlNob3IncyBhbGdvcml0aG1cIiwgXCJjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHlcIiwgXCJwb3N0LXF1YW50dW0gY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGh5XCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBrZXkgZGlzdHJpYnV0aW9uXCIsIFwiUlNBXCIsIFwicHVibGljLWtleSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHlcIiwgXCJlbmNyeXB0aW9uXCIsIFwiR3JvdmVyJ3MgYWxnb3JpdGhtXCIsIFwiTklTVFwiLCBcImxhdHRpY2UtYmFzZWQgY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGh5XCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bS1yZXNpc3RhbnQgYWxnb3JpdGhtc1wiLCBcImNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgdHJhbnNpdGlvblwiLCBcImluZm9ybWF0aW9uIHNlY3VyaXR5XCIsIFwiQkI4NCBwcm90b2NvbFwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gY3J5cHRhbmFseXNpc1wiLCBcImNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgYWdpbGl0eVwiLCBcImh5YnJpZCBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHlcIiwgXCJzZWN1cml0eSBpbmZyYXN0cnVjdHVyZVwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gc3VwcmVtYWN5XCIsIFwiY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpYyBzdGFuZGFyZHNcIl0sXG4gICAgICBhY2NlcHRhYmxlUGhyYXNlczogW1xuICAgICAgICBcIlNob3IncyBhbGdvcml0aG1cIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJwb3N0LXF1YW50dW0gY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGh5XCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwicXVhbnR1bSBrZXkgZGlzdHJpYnV0aW9uXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwicHVibGljLWtleSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaHlcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJSU0EgZW5jcnlwdGlvblwiLFxuICAgICAgICBcIkdyb3ZlcidzIGFsZ29yaXRobVwiLFxuICAgICAgICBcIk5JU1Qgc3RhbmRhcmRpemF0aW9uIHByb2Nlc3NcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJsYXR0aWNlLWJhc2VkIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeVwiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInF1YW50dW0tcmVzaXN0YW50IGFsZ29yaXRobXNcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIHRyYW5zaXRpb25cIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBzZWN1cml0eSBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnNcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJCQjg0IHByb3RvY29sXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwicXVhbnR1bSBjcnlwdGFuYWx5c2lzXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiY3J5cHRvZ3JhcGhpYyBhZ2lsaXR5XCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiaHlicmlkIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgYXBwcm9hY2hlc1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInNlY3VyaXR5IGluZnJhc3RydWN0dXJlIHRyYW5zaXRpb25cIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJoYXJ2ZXN0IG5vdywgZGVjcnlwdCBsYXRlclwiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInBvc3QtcXVhbnR1bSBzdGFuZGFyZHNcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJxdWFudHVtIHRocmVhdCB0aW1lbGluZVwiLFxuICAgICAgICBcImNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgcGFyYWRpZ20gc2hpZnRcIlxuICAgICAgXSxcbiAgICAgIGZlZWRiYWNrOiB7XG4gICAgICAgIGNvcnJlY3Q6IFwiWW91ciBldmFsdWF0aW9uIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nJ3MgaW1wYWN0IG9uIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeSBhbmQgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gc2VjdXJpdHkgZGVtb25zdHJhdGVzIGV4Y2VwdGlvbmFsIHRlY2huaWNhbCB1bmRlcnN0YW5kaW5nLiBMZXQncyBub3cgZXhwbG9yZSBhIHF1ZXN0aW9uIGF0IHRoZSBpbnRlcnNlY3Rpb24gb2YgcXVhbnR1bSB0ZWNobm9sb2d5IGFuZCBzb2NpZXR5OiBIb3cgd291bGQgeW91IGFuYWx5emUgdGhlIGV0aGljYWwsIHNvY2lldGFsLCBhbmQgZ2VvcG9saXRpY2FsIGltcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBkZXZlbG9wbWVudD8gQ29uc2lkZXIgaXNzdWVzIHN1Y2ggYXMgYWNjZXNzIGluZXF1YWxpdHksIGltcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBmb3Igc2NpZW50aWZpYyByZXNlYXJjaCBhbmQgZGlzY292ZXJ5LCBuYXRpb25hbCBzZWN1cml0eSBjb25jZXJucywgcG90ZW50aWFsIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBpbiBhcnRpZmljaWFsIGludGVsbGlnZW5jZSBhbmQgc2ltdWxhdGlvbiwgYW5kIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgdG8gcmVzcG9uc2libGUgZ292ZXJuYW5jZSBvZiBxdWFudHVtIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcy5cIixcbiAgICAgICAgcGFydGlhbDogXCJZb3UndmUgdG91Y2hlZCBvbiBzb21lIGltcG9ydGFudCBhc3BlY3RzIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nJ3MgaW1wYWN0IG9uIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeSBhbmQgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gc2VjdXJpdHkuIENvdWxkIHlvdSBkZXZlbG9wIHlvdXIgZXZhbHVhdGlvbiBmdXJ0aGVyIGJ5IG1vcmUgZXhwbGljaXRseSBhZGRyZXNzaW5nIHRoZSBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zIGZvciBjdXJyZW50IGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgc3lzdGVtcywgdGhlIGRldmVsb3BtZW50IG9mIHBvc3QtcXVhbnR1bSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIHN0YW5kYXJkcywgcXVhbnR1bSBrZXkgZGlzdHJpYnV0aW9uIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMsIGFuZCBzdHJhdGVnaWVzIGZvciB0cmFuc2l0aW9uaW5nIGV4aXN0aW5nIHNlY3VyaXR5IGluZnJhc3RydWN0dXJlIHRvIGJlY29tZSBxdWFudHVtLXJlc2lzdGFudD9cIixcbiAgICAgICAgaW5jb3JyZWN0OiBcIkknZCBsaWtlIHlvdSB0byBmb2N1cyBtb3JlIGRpcmVjdGx5IG9uIGV2YWx1YXRpbmcgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcncyBwb3RlbnRpYWwgaW1wYWN0IG9uIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeSBhbmQgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gc2VjdXJpdHksIHNwZWNpZmljYWxseSBhZGRyZXNzaW5nIHRoZSBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBhbGdvcml0aG1zIGZvciBjdXJyZW50IGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgc3lzdGVtcywgdGhlIGRldmVsb3BtZW50IG9mIHBvc3QtcXVhbnR1bSBjcnlwdG9ncmFwaGljIHN0YW5kYXJkcywgcXVhbnR1bSBrZXkgZGlzdHJpYnV0aW9uIGFuZCBxdWFudHVtIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgYXBwcm9hY2hlcywgYW5kIHN0cmF0ZWdpZXMgZm9yIHRyYW5zaXRpb25pbmcgZXhpc3Rpbmcgc2VjdXJpdHkgaW5mcmFzdHJ1Y3R1cmUgdG8gYmVjb21lIHF1YW50dW0tcmVzaXN0YW50LlwiXG4gICAgICB9XG4gICAgfSxcbiAgICB7XG4gICAgICBpZDogNSxcbiAgICAgIGJvdE1lc3NhZ2U6IFwiWW91ciBldmFsdWF0aW9uIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nJ3MgaW1wYWN0IG9uIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeSBhbmQgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gc2VjdXJpdHkgZGVtb25zdHJhdGVzIGV4Y2VwdGlvbmFsIHRlY2huaWNhbCB1bmRlcnN0YW5kaW5nLiBMZXQncyBub3cgZXhwbG9yZSBhIHF1ZXN0aW9uIGF0IHRoZSBpbnRlcnNlY3Rpb24gb2YgcXVhbnR1bSB0ZWNobm9sb2d5IGFuZCBzb2NpZXR5OiBIb3cgd291bGQgeW91IGFuYWx5emUgdGhlIGV0aGljYWwsIHNvY2lldGFsLCBhbmQgZ2VvcG9saXRpY2FsIGltcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBkZXZlbG9wbWVudD8gQ29uc2lkZXIgaXNzdWVzIHN1Y2ggYXMgYWNjZXNzIGluZXF1YWxpdHksIGltcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBmb3Igc2NpZW50aWZpYyByZXNlYXJjaCBhbmQgZGlzY292ZXJ5LCBuYXRpb25hbCBzZWN1cml0eSBjb25jZXJucywgcG90ZW50aWFsIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBpbiBhcnRpZmljaWFsIGludGVsbGlnZW5jZSBhbmQgc2ltdWxhdGlvbiwgYW5kIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgdG8gcmVzcG9uc2libGUgZ292ZXJuYW5jZSBvZiBxdWFudHVtIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcy5cIixcbiAgICAgIGlucHV0TW9kZTogXCJmcmVlVGV4dFwiLFxuICAgICAgc3VnZ2VzdGlvbnM6IFtcbiAgICAgICAgXCJUaGUgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnQgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgdGVjaG5vbG9neSByZXByZXNlbnRzIG5vdCBtZXJlbHkgYSB0ZWNobmljYWwgYWR2YW5jZW1lbnQgYnV0IGEgcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgdHJhbnNmb3JtYXRpdmUgZm9yY2Ugd2l0aCBwcm9mb3VuZCBldGhpY2FsLCBzb2NpZXRhbCwgYW5kIGdlb3BvbGl0aWNhbCBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMuIEFuYWx5emluZyB0aGVzZSBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMgcmVxdWlyZXMgZXhhbWluaW5nIGhvdyBxdWFudHVtIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcyBtYXkgcmVzaGFwZSBwb3dlciBkeW5hbWljcywgc2NpZW50aWZpYyBwcm9ncmVzcywgZWNvbm9taWMgc3RydWN0dXJlcywgYW5kIHNlY3VyaXR5IHBhcmFkaWdtcywgd2hpbGUgY29uc2lkZXJpbmcgZ292ZXJuYW5jZSBhcHByb2FjaGVzIHRoYXQgbWF4aW1pemUgYmVuZWZpdHMgd2hpbGUgbWl0aWdhdGluZyByaXNrcy4gVGhlIGVxdWl0YWJsZSBkaXN0cmlidXRpb24gb2YgYWNjZXNzIHRvIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcyByZXByZXNlbnRzIGEgZnVuZGFtZW50YWwgZXRoaWNhbCBjb25zaWRlcmF0aW9uLiBDdXJyZW50IHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIGRldmVsb3BtZW50IGRlbWFuZHMgZXh0cmFvcmRpbmFyeSByZXNvdXJjZXPigJRzcGVjaWFsaXplZCB0ZWNobmljYWwgZXhwZXJ0aXNlLCBzdWJzdGFudGlhbCBmaW5hbmNpYWwgaW52ZXN0bWVudCwgYWR2YW5jZWQgZmFicmljYXRpb24gZmFjaWxpdGllcywgYW5kIHJhcmUgbWF0ZXJpYWxz4oCUY3JlYXRpbmcgc2lnbmlmaWNhbnQgYmFycmllcnMgdG8gZW50cnkuIENvbnNlcXVlbnRseSwgcXVhbnR1bSBjYXBhYmlsaXRpZXMgYXJlIGNvbmNlbnRyYXRpbmcgYW1vbmcgd2VhbHRoeSBuYXRpb25zLCBsYXJnZSB0ZWNobm9sb2d5IGNvcnBvcmF0aW9ucywgYW5kIGVsaXRlIHJlc2VhcmNoIGluc3RpdHV0aW9ucywgcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgZXhhY2VyYmF0aW5nIGV4aXN0aW5nIGRpZ2l0YWwgZGl2aWRlcyBhbmQgcG93ZXIgaW1iYWxhbmNlcy4gVGhpcyBjb25jZW50cmF0aW9uIHJhaXNlcyBqdXN0aWNlIGNvbmNlcm5zIHJlZ2FyZGluZyB3aG8gYmVuZWZpdHMgZnJvbSBhbmQgc2hhcGVzIHF1YW50dW0gdGVjaG5vbG9naWVzLiBFYXJseSBxdWFudHVtIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgd2lsbCBsaWtlbHkgZW1lcmdlIGluIHNwZWNpYWxpemVkIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9ucyByYXRoZXIgdGhhbiBnZW5lcmFsLXB1cnBvc2UgY29tcHV0aW5nLCBwb3RlbnRpYWxseSBjcmVhdGluZyB3aW5uZXItdGFrZS1hbGwgZHluYW1pY3MgaW4gc2VjdG9ycyBsaWtlIHBoYXJtYWNldXRpY2FsIGRldmVsb3BtZW50LCBtYXRlcmlhbHMgc2NpZW5jZSwgZmluYW5jaWFsIG9wdGltaXphdGlvbiwgYW5kIGNyeXB0YW5hbHlzaXMsIHdoZXJlIGV2ZW4gbW9kZXN0IGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgZWRnZXMgdHJhbnNsYXRlIHRvIHN1YnN0YW50aWFsIGNvbXBldGl0aXZlIGFkdmFudGFnZXMuIFdpdGhvdXQgZGVsaWJlcmF0ZSBnb3Zlcm5hbmNlIGludGVydmVudGlvbnMsIHF1YW50dW0gdGVjaG5vbG9naWVzIG1heSByZWluZm9yY2UgZXhpc3RpbmcgaW5lcXVhbGl0aWVzIG9yIGNyZWF0ZSBuZXcgZGlzcGFyaXRpZXMgYmV0d2VlbiBxdWFudHVtLWNhcGFibGUgYW5kIHF1YW50dW0tbGltaXRlZCBlbnRpdGllcy4gU2V2ZXJhbCBhcHByb2FjaGVzIGNvdWxkIHByb21vdGUgbW9yZSBlcXVpdGFibGUgYWNjZXNzLiBDbG91ZC1iYXNlZCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBzZXJ2aWNlcywgYWxyZWFkeSBlbWVyZ2luZyBmcm9tIGNvbXBhbmllcyBsaWtlIElCTSwgQW1hem9uLCBhbmQgTWljcm9zb2Z0LCBwb3RlbnRpYWxseSBkZW1vY3JhdGl6ZSBhY2Nlc3MgdG8gcXVhbnR1bSByZXNvdXJjZXMgd2l0aG91dCByZXF1aXJpbmcgZGlyZWN0IGhhcmR3YXJlIGRldmVsb3BtZW50IGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcy4gT3Blbi1zb3VyY2UgcXVhbnR1bSBzb2Z0d2FyZSBmcmFtZXdvcmtzIGVuYWJsZSBicm9hZGVyIHBhcnRpY2lwYXRpb24gaW4gYWxnb3JpdGhtIGRldmVsb3BtZW50LiBJbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsIGNvbGxhYm9yYXRpb24gaW5pdGlhdGl2ZXMgYW5kIGNhcGFjaXR5LWJ1aWxkaW5nIHByb2dyYW1zIGNhbiBoZWxwIGRpc3RyaWJ1dGUgcXVhbnR1bSBleHBlcnRpc2UgZ2xvYmFsbHkuIEhvd2V2ZXIsIHRoZXNlIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgZmFjZSBsaW1pdGF0aW9uczogY2xvdWQgYWNjZXNzIHByb3ZpZGVzIHV0aWxpdHkgYnV0IG5vdCBzb3ZlcmVpZ250eSBvdmVyIHRoZSB0ZWNobm9sb2d5OyBleHBvcnQgY29udHJvbHMgYW5kIGludGVsbGVjdHVhbCBwcm9wZXJ0eSBwcm90ZWN0aW9ucyByZXN0cmljdCBrbm93bGVkZ2UgdHJhbnNmZXI7IGFuZCBxdWFudHVtIGV4cGVydGlzZSByZW1haW5zIGNvbmNlbnRyYXRlZCBpbiBhIHNtYWxsIG51bWJlciBvZiBpbnN0aXR1dGlvbnMgd29ybGR3aWRlLiBGb3Igc2NpZW50aWZpYyByZXNlYXJjaCBhbmQgZGlzY292ZXJ5LCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBwcm9taXNlcyB0byB0cmFuc2Zvcm0gY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzIGFjcm9zcyBudW1lcm91cyBmaWVsZHMuIFF1YW50dW0gc2ltdWxhdGlvbiBtYXkgZW5hYmxlIHVucHJlY2VkZW50ZWQgaW5zaWdodHMgaW50byBxdWFudHVtIG1lY2hhbmljYWwgc3lzdGVtcywgcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgcmV2b2x1dGlvbml6aW5nIG1hdGVyaWFscyBzY2llbmNlIGJ5IGZhY2lsaXRhdGluZyB0aGUgZGlzY292ZXJ5IG9mIHJvb20tdGVtcGVyYXR1cmUgc3VwZXJjb25kdWN0b3JzLCBtb3JlIGVmZmljaWVudCBjYXRhbHlzdHMsIGJldHRlciBiYXR0ZXJpZXMsIGFuZCBub3ZlbCBtYXRlcmlhbHMgd2l0aCB0YWlsb3JlZCBwcm9wZXJ0aWVzLiBJbiBjaGVtaXN0cnkgYW5kIHBoYXJtYWNldXRpY2FsIGRldmVsb3BtZW50LCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGVycyBtYXkgc2lnbmlmaWNhbnRseSBhY2NlbGVyYXRlIGRydWcgZGlzY292ZXJ5IGJ5IGVuYWJsaW5nIG1vcmUgYWNjdXJhdGUgbW9sZWN1bGFyIHNpbXVsYXRpb25zLiBDbGltYXRlIHNjaWVuY2UgY291bGQgYmVuZWZpdCBmcm9tIGVuaGFuY2VkIG1vZGVsaW5nIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcyBmb3IgY29tcGxleCBlbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsIHN5c3RlbXMuIEhpZ2gtZW5lcmd5IHBoeXNpY3MsIGNvc21vbG9neSwgYW5kIG90aGVyIGZ1bmRhbWVudGFsIHNjaWVuY2VzIG1heSBsZXZlcmFnZSBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgcG93ZXIgdG8gdGVzdCB0aGVvcmllcyBhbmQgYW5hbHl6ZSBleHBlcmltZW50YWwgZGF0YSB0aGF0IGV4Y2VlZCBjbGFzc2ljYWwgY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCBsaW1pdHMuIFRoZXNlIHNjaWVudGlmaWMgYWR2YW5jZXMgY291bGQgeWllbGQgcHJvZm91bmQgc29jaWV0YWwgYmVuZWZpdHMsIGZyb20gbW9yZSBlZmZpY2llbnQgZW5lcmd5IHN5c3RlbXMgYWRkcmVzc2luZyBjbGltYXRlIGNoYW5nZSB0byBicmVha3Rocm91Z2ggbWVkaWNhbCB0cmVhdG1lbnRzLiBIb3dldmVyLCB0aGV5IGFsc28gcmFpc2UgcXVlc3Rpb25zIGFib3V0IHdobyBkaXJlY3RzIGFuZCBiZW5lZml0cyBmcm9tIHRoZXNlIHNjaWVudGlmaWMgYWR2YW5jZXMuIEFzIHdpdGggZWFybGllciB0ZWNobm9sb2dpY2FsIHJldm9sdXRpb25zLCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZydzIHNjaWVudGlmaWMgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zIHdpbGwgcmVmbGVjdCB0aGUgcHJpb3JpdGllcywgdmFsdWVzLCBhbmQgaW50ZXJlc3RzIG9mIHRob3NlIGNvbnRyb2xsaW5nIHRoZSB0ZWNobm9sb2d5LiBUaGlzIHJhaXNlcyBpbXBvcnRhbnQgcXVlc3Rpb25zIGFib3V0IHJlc2VhcmNoIHByaW9yaXRpemF0aW9u4oCUd2hldGhlciBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBkZXZlbG9wbWVudCB3aWxsIHByaW1hcmlseSBzZXJ2ZSBjb21tZXJjaWFsIGludGVyZXN0cywgbmF0aW9uYWwgc2VjdXJpdHkgb2JqZWN0aXZlcywgb3IgYnJvYWRlciBodW1hbiBuZWVkcy4gVGhlIG5hdGlvbmFsIHNlY3VyaXR5IGltcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBkZXZlbG9wbWVudCBhcmUgcGFydGljdWxhcmx5IHNpZ25pZmljYW50LCBwb3RlbnRpYWxseSByZXNoYXBpbmcgZ2VvcG9saXRpY2FsIHBvd2VyIGJhbGFuY2VzLiBUaGUgbW9zdCBpbW1lZGlhdGUgc2VjdXJpdHkgY29uY2VybiBpbnZvbHZlcyBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZydzIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoaWMgaW1wbGljYXRpb25zLCB0aHJlYXRlbmluZyB0byB1bmRlcm1pbmUgdGhlIHB1YmxpYy1rZXkgaW5mcmFzdHJ1Y3R1cmUgc2VjdXJpbmcgZ292ZXJubWVudCBjb21tdW5pY2F0aW9ucywgbWlsaXRhcnkgc3lzdGVtcywgY3JpdGljYWwgaW5mcmFzdHJ1Y3R1cmUsIGFuZCBpbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsIGZpbmFuY2lhbCBuZXR3b3Jrcy4gTmF0aW9ucyBhY2hpZXZpbmcgYWR2YW5jZWQgcXVhbnR1bSBjYXBhYmlsaXRpZXMgY291bGQgcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgYWNjZXNzIHByZXZpb3VzbHkgc2VjdXJlIGluZm9ybWF0aW9uLCBjcmVhdGluZyBzaWduaWZpY2FudCBpbnRlbGxpZ2VuY2UgYW5kIHNlY3VyaXR5IGFkdmFudGFnZXMuIFRoaXMgZHluYW1pYyBpcyBkcml2aW5nIGEgZ2xvYmFsIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcGV0aXRpb24gd2l0aCBzaWduaWZpY2FudCBuYXRpb25hbCBpbnZlc3RtZW50cyBmcm9tIHRoZSBVbml0ZWQgU3RhdGVzLCBDaGluYSwgRXVyb3BlYW4gVW5pb24sIEphcGFuLCBDYW5hZGEsIEF1c3RyYWxpYSwgYW5kIG90aGVycywgd2hvIHZpZXcgcXVhbnR1bSBsZWFkZXJzaGlwIGFzIGVzc2VudGlhbCBmb3IgZWNvbm9taWMgY29tcGV0aXRpdmVuZXNzIGFuZCBuYXRpb25hbCBzZWN1cml0eS4gQmV5b25kIGNyeXB0b2dyYXBoeSwgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zaW5nIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcyBtYXkgY3JlYXRlIG1pbGl0YXJ5IGFkdmFudGFnZXMgdGhyb3VnaCBlbmhhbmNlZCBkZXRlY3Rpb24gY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzLCBwb3RlbnRpYWxseSB1bmRlcm1pbmluZyBzdGVhbHRoIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcyBvciBlbmFibGluZyBwcmV2aW91c2x5IGltcG9zc2libGUgZm9ybXMgb2Ygc3VydmVpbGxhbmNlLiBRdWFudHVtIGNvbW11bmljYXRpb24gbmV0d29ya3MgbWlnaHQgcHJvdmlkZSB1bmhhY2thYmxlIGNoYW5uZWxzIGZvciBzZW5zaXRpdmUgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gdHJhbnNmZXIuIFRoZXNlIHNlY3VyaXR5IGltcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBjcmVhdGUgY29tcGxleCBpbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsIHJlbGF0aW9ucyBkeW5hbWljcywgaW5jbHVkaW5nIGRlYmF0ZXMgYWJvdXQgZXhwb3J0IGNvbnRyb2xzLCB0YWxlbnQgbW9iaWxpdHkgcmVzdHJpY3Rpb25zLCBhbmQgaW50ZWxsZWN0dWFsIHByb3BlcnR5IHByb3RlY3Rpb25zIGZvciBxdWFudHVtIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcy4gVGhlIGNvbXBldGl0aW9uIGZvciBxdWFudHVtIGFkdmFudGFnZSBleGhpYml0cyBjaGFyYWN0ZXJpc3RpY3Mgb2YgYSBzZWN1cml0eSBkaWxlbW1hLCB3aGVyZSBhY3Rpb25zIHRha2VuIGJ5IG9uZSBuYXRpb24gdG8gaW5jcmVhc2UgaXRzIHNlY3VyaXR5IHRocm91Z2ggcXVhbnR1bSBkZXZlbG9wbWVudCBwb3RlbnRpYWxseSB0aHJlYXRlbiBvdGhlcnMsIHNwdXJyaW5nIGZ1cnRoZXIgcXVhbnR1bSBpbnZlc3RtZW50cyBhbmQgcG90ZW50aWFsbHkgbGVhZGluZyB0byByZXNvdXJjZS1kcmFpbmluZyB0ZWNobm9sb2d5IHJhY2VzLiBRdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZydzIHJlbGF0aW9uc2hpcCB3aXRoIGFydGlmaWNpYWwgaW50ZWxsaWdlbmNlIGNyZWF0ZXMgYW5vdGhlciBsYXllciBvZiBzb2NpZXRhbCBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMuIFF1YW50dW0gbWFjaGluZSBsZWFybmluZyBhbGdvcml0aG1zIG1pZ2h0IGVuYWJsZSBwYXR0ZXJuIHJlY29nbml0aW9uIGFuZCBvcHRpbWl6YXRpb24gY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzIGJleW9uZCBjbGFzc2ljYWwgbGltaXRhdGlvbnMsIHBvdGVudGlhbGx5IGVuaGFuY2luZyBBSSBwZXJmb3JtYW5jZSBpbiBzcGVjaWZpYyBkb21haW5zLiBXaGlsZSBjbGFpbXMgYWJvdXQgcXVhbnR1bSBBSSBhZHZhbnRhZ2VzIG9mdGVuIGV4Y2VlZCBjdXJyZW50IGV2aWRlbmNlLCBxdWFudHVtIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgY291bGQgZXZlbnR1YWxseSBlbmhhbmNlIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcyBmb3IgY2VydGFpbiBtYWNoaW5lIGxlYXJuaW5nIHRhc2tzLCBjb21wbGV4IG9wdGltaXphdGlvbiBwcm9ibGVtcywgYW5kIHNpbXVsYXRpb24tYmFzZWQgdHJhaW5pbmcuIFRoZXNlIGRldmVsb3BtZW50cyBjb3VsZCBhY2NlbGVyYXRlIGJvdGggQUkncyBiZW5lZml0cyBhbmQgcmlza3MsIHBvdGVudGlhbGx5IHdpZGVuaW5nIHRoZSBjYXBhYmlsaXR5IGdhcCBiZXR3ZWVuIHRoZSBtb3N0IGFkdmFuY2VkIEFJIHN5c3RlbXMgYW5kIG90aGVycy4gSWYgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgc3Vic3RhbnRpYWxseSBlbmhhbmNlcyBBSSBjYXBhYmlsaXRpZXMsIHF1ZXN0aW9ucyBhYm91dCBBSSBldGhpY3MsIHNhZmV0eSwgYW5kIGdvdmVybmFuY2UgYmVjb21lIGV2ZW4gbW9yZSBwcmVzc2luZy4gVGhlIGdvdmVybmFuY2Ugb2YgcXVhbnR1bSB0ZWNobm9sb2dpZXMgZmFjZXMgc2V2ZXJhbCBkaXN0aW5jdGl2ZSBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzLiBRdWFudHVtIGRldmVsb3BtZW50IG9jY3VycyBhdCB0aGUgaW50ZXJzZWN0aW9uIG9mIGFjYWRlbWljIHJlc2VhcmNoLCBjb3Jwb3JhdGUgaW5ub3ZhdGlvbiwgYW5kIG5hdGlvbmFsIHNlY3VyaXR5IGludGVyZXN0cywgY3JlYXRpbmcgY29tcGxleCBzdGFrZWhvbGRlciBsYW5kc2NhcGVzIHdpdGggZGl2ZXJnZW50IHByaW9yaXRpZXMuIFRoZSB0ZWNobm9sb2d5J3MgZHVhbC11c2UgbmF0dXJl4oCUc2VydmluZyBib3RoIGNpdmlsaWFuIGFuZCBtaWxpdGFyeSBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnPigJRjb21wbGljYXRlcyByZWd1bGF0b3J5IGFwcHJvYWNoZXMuIFRoZSBmaWVsZCdzIHRlY2huaWNhbCBjb21wbGV4aXR5IGNyZWF0ZXMgZ292ZXJuYW5jZSBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzLCBhcyBmZXcgcG9saWN5bWFrZXJzIHBvc3Nlc3MgdGhlIHNwZWNpYWxpemVkIGtub3dsZWRnZSByZXF1aXJlZCB0byBkZXZlbG9wIGVmZmVjdGl2ZSByZWd1bGF0b3J5IGZyYW1ld29ya3MuIEFkZGl0aW9uYWxseSwgcXVhbnR1bSBlZmZlY3RzIHRoZW1zZWx2ZXMgcmVzaXN0IGVhc3kgZXhwbGFuYXRpb24gdGhyb3VnaCBjbGFzc2ljYWwgaW50dWl0aW9ucywgY3JlYXRpbmcgY29tbXVuaWNhdGlvbiBiYXJyaWVycyBiZXR3ZWVuIHRlY2huaWNhbCBhbmQgcG9saWN5IGNvbW11bml0aWVzLiBTZXZlcmFsIGdvdmVybmFuY2UgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyBzaG93IHByb21pc2UgZGVzcGl0ZSB0aGVzZSBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzLiBTdGFuZGFyZHMgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnQgZm9yIHF1YW50dW0gdGVjaG5vbG9neSBiZW5jaG1hcmtpbmcsIHNlY3VyaXR5LCBhbmQgaW50ZXJvcGVyYWJpbGl0eSBjYW4gZXN0YWJsaXNoIHNoYXJlZCB0ZWNobmljYWwgZm91bmRhdGlvbnMgd2hpbGUgaW5jb3Jwb3JhdGluZyBldGhpY2FsIGNvbnNpZGVyYXRpb25zLiBSZXNwb25zaWJsZSBpbm5vdmF0aW9uIGZyYW1ld29ya3MgY2FuIGludGVncmF0ZSBzb2NpZXRhbCBhbmQgZXRoaWNhbCBjb25zaWRlcmF0aW9ucyB0aHJvdWdob3V0IHRoZSByZXNlYXJjaCBhbmQgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnQgcHJvY2VzcyByYXRoZXIgdGhhbiB0cmVhdGluZyB0aGVtIGFzIGFmdGVydGhvdWdodHMuIEludGVybmF0aW9uYWwgY29vcGVyYXRpb24gbWVjaGFuaXNtcywgaW5jbHVkaW5nIHJlc2VhcmNoIGNvbGxhYm9yYXRpb25zLCB0YWxlbnQgZXhjaGFuZ2UgcHJvZ3JhbXMsIGFuZCBkaXBsb21hdGljIGluaXRpYXRpdmVzIGFkZHJlc3NpbmcgcXVhbnR1bSBzZWN1cml0eSBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMsIGNhbiBoZWxwIG1hbmFnZSBjb21wZXRpdGl2ZSBkeW5hbWljcyB3aGlsZSBwcm9tb3RpbmcgYmVuZWZpY2lhbCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMuIFNwZWNpYWxpemVkIGdvdmVybmFuY2UgaW5zdGl0dXRpb25zIHdpdGggYXBwcm9wcmlhdGUgdGVjaG5pY2FsIGV4cGVydGlzZSBjYW4gZGV2ZWxvcCBtb3JlIGVmZmVjdGl2ZSByZWd1bGF0b3J5IGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgdGhhbiBnZW5lcmFsIHRlY2hub2xvZ3kgZ292ZXJuYW5jZSBib2RpZXMuIFRoZSB0aW1lIGRpbWVuc2lvbiBhZGRzIGNvbXBsZXhpdHkgdG8gcXVhbnR1bSBnb3Zlcm5hbmNlLCBhcyB0aGUgdGVjaG5vbG9neSByZW1haW5zIGluIHJlbGF0aXZlbHkgZWFybHkgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnRhbCBzdGFnZXMgZGVzcGl0ZSByYXBpZCBhZHZhbmNlcy4gVGhpcyBjcmVhdGVzIGJvdGggY2hhbGxlbmdlcyBhbmQgb3Bwb3J0dW5pdGllczogdW5jZXJ0YWludHkgYWJvdXQgdGltZWxpbmUgYW5kIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcyBjb21wbGljYXRlcyBwbGFubmluZywgYnV0IHRoZSB0ZWNobm9sb2d5J3MgcHJlLWRlcGxveW1lbnQgc3RhdHVzIGFsbG93cyBmb3IgcHJvYWN0aXZlIGdvdmVybmFuY2UgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyBpbmNvcnBvcmF0aW5nIGV0aGljYWwgYW5kIHNvY2lldGFsIGNvbnNpZGVyYXRpb25zIGJlZm9yZSBjYXBhYmlsaXRpZXMgZnVsbHkgbWF0dXJlIGFuZCBkZXBsb3ltZW50cyBiZWNvbWUgd2lkZXNwcmVhZC4gVGhpcyBjb250cmFzdHMgZmF2b3JhYmx5IHdpdGggcmVhY3RpdmUgZ292ZXJuYW5jZSBwYXR0ZXJucyBzZWVuIHdpdGggcHJldmlvdXMgdGVjaG5vbG9naWNhbCByZXZvbHV0aW9ucywgd2hlcmUgcmVndWxhdG9yeSBmcmFtZXdvcmtzIGRldmVsb3BlZCBwcmltYXJpbHkgaW4gcmVzcG9uc2UgdG8gaGFybXMgcmF0aGVyIHRoYW4gYW50aWNpcGF0aW5nIHRoZW0uIExvb2tpbmcgZm9yd2FyZCwgc2V2ZXJhbCBwcmlvcml0aWVzIGVtZXJnZSBmb3IgcmVzcG9uc2libGUgcXVhbnR1bSBkZXZlbG9wbWVudC4gRW5oYW5jaW5nIHF1YW50dW0gbGl0ZXJhY3kgYW1vbmcgcG9saWN5bWFrZXJzLCBidXNpbmVzcyBsZWFkZXJzLCBhbmQgY2l2aWwgc29jaWV0eSBpcyBlc3NlbnRpYWwgZm9yIGluZm9ybWVkIGRlY2lzaW9uLW1ha2luZyBhYm91dCBxdWFudHVtIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcy4gRGV2ZWxvcGluZyBpbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsbHkgcmVjb2duaXplZCBwcmluY2lwbGVzIGZvciByZXNwb25zaWJsZSBxdWFudHVtIGlubm92YXRpb24gY2FuIGhlbHAgZ3VpZGUgcmVzZWFyY2ggYW5kIGRldmVsb3BtZW50IGFjcm9zcyBqdXJpc2RpY3Rpb25zLiBDcmVhdGluZyBpbmNsdXNpdmUgZm9ydW1zIGZvciBzdGFrZWhvbGRlciBwYXJ0aWNpcGF0aW9uIGluIHF1YW50dW0gZ292ZXJuYW5jZSwgcGFydGljdWxhcmx5IGluY2x1ZGluZyBwZXJzcGVjdGl2ZXMgZnJvbSBkZXZlbG9waW5nIG5hdGlvbnMgYW5kIG1hcmdpbmFsaXplZCBjb21tdW5pdGllcywgY2FuIGhlbHAgZW5zdXJlIG1vcmUgZXF1aXRhYmxlIG91dGNvbWVzLiBFc3RhYmxpc2hpbmcgbW9uaXRvcmluZyBtZWNoYW5pc21zIGZvciB0cmFja2luZyBxdWFudHVtIHRlY2hub2xvZ3kgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnQgYW5kIGltcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBjYW4gc3VwcG9ydCBhZGFwdGl2ZSBnb3Zlcm5hbmNlIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMgcmVzcG9uZGluZyB0byB0aGUgdGVjaG5vbG9neSdzIGV2b2x1dGlvbi4gSW4gY29uY2x1c2lvbiwgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcncyBldGhpY2FsLCBzb2NpZXRhbCwgYW5kIGdlb3BvbGl0aWNhbCBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMgZXh0ZW5kIGZhciBiZXlvbmQgdGVjaG5pY2FsIGNvbnNpZGVyYXRpb25zLCBwb3RlbnRpYWxseSByZXNoYXBpbmcgZnVuZGFtZW50YWwgYXNwZWN0cyBvZiBlY29ub21pYyBzeXN0ZW1zLCBzZWN1cml0eSBwYXJhZGlnbXMsIHNjaWVudGlmaWMgcHJvZ3Jlc3MsIGFuZCBnbG9iYWwgcG93ZXIgZHluYW1pY3MuIFdoaWxlIHRoZSB0ZWNobm9sb2d5J3MgZnVsbCBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMgcmVtYWluIHVuY2VydGFpbiBhbmQgY29udGluZ2VudCBvbiBkZXZlbG9wbWVudCBwYXRod2F5cywgcHJvYWN0aXZlIGdvdmVybmFuY2UgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyBjYW4gaGVscCBzdGVlciBxdWFudHVtIGlubm92YXRpb24gdG93YXJkIGJyb2FkbHkgYmVuZWZpY2lhbCBvdXRjb21lcyB3aGlsZSBtaXRpZ2F0aW5nIHBvdGVudGlhbCBoYXJtcy4gQmFsYW5jaW5nIGlubm92YXRpb24gd2l0aCByZXNwb25zaWJsZSBkZXZlbG9wbWVudCwgY29tcGV0aXRpb24gd2l0aCBjb29wZXJhdGlvbiwgYW5kIHNlY3VyaXR5IHdpdGggb3Blbm5lc3MgcmVwcmVzZW50cyB0aGUgY2VudHJhbCBjaGFsbGVuZ2UgZm9yIHF1YW50dW0gdGVjaG5vbG9neSBnb3Zlcm5hbmNlIGluIHRoZSBjb21pbmcgZGVjYWRlcy4gQnkgYWRkcmVzc2luZyB0aGVzZSBjb25zaWRlcmF0aW9ucyB0aG91Z2h0ZnVsbHkgd2hpbGUgcXVhbnR1bSBjYXBhYmlsaXRpZXMgY29udGludWUgbWF0dXJpbmcsIGh1bWFuaXR5IGhhcyBhbiBvcHBvcnR1bml0eSB0byBoYXJuZXNzIHRoaXMgcmV2b2x1dGlvbmFyeSB0ZWNobm9sb2d5J3MgYmVuZWZpdHMgd2hpbGUgbWFuYWdpbmcgaXRzIHJpc2tzIG1vcmUgZWZmZWN0aXZlbHkgdGhhbiB3aXRoIHByZXZpb3VzIHRlY2hub2xvZ2ljYWwgcmV2b2x1dGlvbnMuXCJcbiAgICAgIF0sXG4gICAgICBoaW50czogXCJBbmFseXplIHRoZSBldGhpY2FsLCBzb2NpZXRhbCwgYW5kIGdlb3BvbGl0aWNhbCBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnQsIGFkZHJlc3NpbmcgaXNzdWVzIHN1Y2ggYXMgYWNjZXNzIGluZXF1YWxpdHksIGltcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBmb3Igc2NpZW50aWZpYyByZXNlYXJjaCwgbmF0aW9uYWwgc2VjdXJpdHkgY29uY2VybnMsIHBvdGVudGlhbCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgaW4gYXJ0aWZpY2lhbCBpbnRlbGxpZ2VuY2UsIGFuZCBhcHByb2FjaGVzIHRvIHJlc3BvbnNpYmxlIGdvdmVybmFuY2Ugb2YgcXVhbnR1bSB0ZWNobm9sb2dpZXMuXCIsXG4gICAgICBleHBlY3RlZEtleXdvcmRzOiBbXCJxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBldGhpY3NcIiwgXCJkaWdpdGFsIGRpdmlkZVwiLCBcInRlY2hub2xvZ2ljYWwgaW5lcXVhbGl0eVwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gYWR2YW50YWdlXCIsIFwic2NpZW50aWZpYyBkaXNjb3ZlcnlcIiwgXCJuYXRpb25hbCBzZWN1cml0eVwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gYXJtcyByYWNlXCIsIFwiZ2VvcG9saXRpY2FsIGltcGxpY2F0aW9uc1wiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gQUlcIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIHNpbXVsYXRpb25cIiwgXCJyZXNwb25zaWJsZSBpbm5vdmF0aW9uXCIsIFwidGVjaG5vbG9neSBnb3Zlcm5hbmNlXCIsIFwiZHVhbC11c2UgdGVjaG5vbG9neVwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gbGl0ZXJhY3lcIiwgXCJpbnRlcm5hdGlvbmFsIGNvb3BlcmF0aW9uXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBzdGFuZGFyZHNcIiwgXCJhY2Nlc3MgZGVtb2NyYXRpemF0aW9uXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBjbG91ZCBzZXJ2aWNlc1wiLCBcImdsb2JhbCBjb21wZXRpdGlvblwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gc2VjdXJpdHlcIl0sXG4gICAgICBmZWVkYmFjazoge1xuICAgICAgICBjb3JyZWN0OiBcIllvdXIgYW5hbHlzaXMgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcncyBicm9hZGVyIGltcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBkZW1vbnN0cmF0ZXMgZXhjZXB0aW9uYWwgaW50ZXJkaXNjaXBsaW5hcnkgdW5kZXJzdGFuZGluZy4gRm9yIG91ciBmaW5hbCBxdWVzdGlvbiwgbGV0J3MgZXhwbG9yZSBhIHRlY2huaWNhbCB0b3BpYyBhdCB0aGUgZnJvbnRpZXIgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBpbmZvcm1hdGlvbiBzY2llbmNlOiBIb3cgd291bGQgeW91IGV2YWx1YXRlIHRoZSByZWxhdGlvbnNoaXAgYmV0d2VlbiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhbmQgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zaW5nL21ldHJvbG9neSBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnM/IENvbnNpZGVyIHRoZSBzaGFyZWQgdGhlb3JldGljYWwgZm91bmRhdGlvbnMsIHRlY2huaWNhbCBvdmVybGFwcyBpbiBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbiwgZGlzdGluY3QgY2hhbGxlbmdlcywgYW5kIHBvdGVudGlhbCBzeW5lcmdpZXMgYmV0d2VlbiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhbmQgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zaW5nIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcy5cIixcbiAgICAgICAgcGFydGlhbDogXCJZb3UndmUgdG91Y2hlZCBvbiBzb21lIGltcG9ydGFudCBhc3BlY3RzIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nJ3MgYnJvYWRlciBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMuIENvdWxkIHlvdSBkZXZlbG9wIHlvdXIgYW5hbHlzaXMgZnVydGhlciBieSBtb3JlIGV4cGxpY2l0bHkgYWRkcmVzc2luZyBpc3N1ZXMgc3VjaCBhcyBhY2Nlc3MgaW5lcXVhbGl0eSwgaW1wbGljYXRpb25zIGZvciBzY2llbnRpZmljIHJlc2VhcmNoIGFuZCBkaXNjb3ZlcnksIG5hdGlvbmFsIHNlY3VyaXR5IGNvbmNlcm5zLCBwb3RlbnRpYWwgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zIGluIGFydGlmaWNpYWwgaW50ZWxsaWdlbmNlIGFuZCBzaW11bGF0aW9uLCBhbmQgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyB0byByZXNwb25zaWJsZSBnb3Zlcm5hbmNlIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gdGVjaG5vbG9naWVzP1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBpbmNvcnJlY3Q6IFwiSSdkIGxpa2UgeW91IHRvIGZvY3VzIG1vcmUgZGlyZWN0bHkgb24gYW5hbHl6aW5nIHRoZSBldGhpY2FsLCBzb2NpZXRhbCwgYW5kIGdlb3BvbGl0aWNhbCBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnQsIHNwZWNpZmljYWxseSBhZGRyZXNzaW5nIGlzc3VlcyBzdWNoIGFzIGFjY2VzcyBpbmVxdWFsaXR5LCBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMgZm9yIHNjaWVudGlmaWMgcmVzZWFyY2ggYW5kIGRpc2NvdmVyeSwgbmF0aW9uYWwgc2VjdXJpdHkgY29uY2VybnMsIHBvdGVudGlhbCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgaW4gYXJ0aWZpY2lhbCBpbnRlbGxpZ2VuY2UgYW5kIHNpbXVsYXRpb24sIGFuZCBhcHByb2FjaGVzIHRvIHJlc3BvbnNpYmxlIGdvdmVybmFuY2Ugb2YgcXVhbnR1bSB0ZWNobm9sb2dpZXMuXCJcbiAgICAgIH1cbiAgICB9LFxuICAgIHtcbiAgICAgIGlkOiA2LFxuICAgICAgYm90TWVzc2FnZTogXCJZb3VyIGFuYWx5c2lzIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nJ3MgYnJvYWRlciBpbXBsaWNhdGlvbnMgZGVtb25zdHJhdGVzIGV4Y2VwdGlvbmFsIGludGVyZGlzY2lwbGluYXJ5IHVuZGVyc3RhbmRpbmcuIEZvciBvdXIgZmluYWwgcXVlc3Rpb24sIGxldCdzIGV4cGxvcmUgYSB0ZWNobmljYWwgdG9waWMgYXQgdGhlIGZyb250aWVyIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gc2NpZW5jZTogSG93IHdvdWxkIHlvdSBldmFsdWF0ZSB0aGUgcmVsYXRpb25zaGlwIGJldHdlZW4gcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZy9tZXRyb2xvZ3kgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zPyBDb25zaWRlciB0aGUgc2hhcmVkIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGZvdW5kYXRpb25zLCB0ZWNobmljYWwgb3ZlcmxhcHMgaW4gaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24sIGRpc3RpbmN0IGNoYWxsZW5nZXMsIGFuZCBwb3RlbnRpYWwgc3luZXJnaWVzIGJldHdlZW4gcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZyB0ZWNobm9sb2dpZXMuXCIsXG4gICAgICBpbnB1dE1vZGU6IFwiaHlicmlkXCIsXG4gICAgICBzdWdnZXN0aW9uczogW1xuICAgICAgICBcIlF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIGFuZCBxdWFudHVtIHNlbnNpbmcgcmVwcmVzZW50IHR3byBkaXN0aW5jdCBidXQgZGVlcGx5IGludGVyY29ubmVjdGVkIGJyYW5jaGVzIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gc2NpZW5jZSwgc2hhcmluZyBmdW5kYW1lbnRhbCB0aGVvcmV0aWNhbCBmb3VuZGF0aW9ucyB3aGlsZSBkZXZlbG9waW5nIGFsb25nIHNvbWV3aGF0IGRpZmZlcmVudCB0ZWNobm9sb2dpY2FsIHRyYWplY3RvcmllcyB3aXRoIHVuaXF1ZSBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzIGFuZCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMuIEV2YWx1YXRpbmcgdGhlaXIgcmVsYXRpb25zaGlwIHJlcXVpcmVzIGV4YW1pbmluZyB0aGVpciBzaGFyZWQgcXVhbnR1bSBtZWNoYW5pY2FsIHVuZGVycGlubmluZ3MsIHRlY2huaWNhbCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbiBvdmVybGFwcywgZGlzdGluY3RpdmUgcmVxdWlyZW1lbnRzLCBhbmQgZW1lcmdpbmcgc3luZXJnaWVzIHRoYXQgaW5jcmVhc2luZ2x5IGJsdXIgdGhlIGJvdW5kYXJpZXMgYmV0d2VlbiB0aGVzZSBxdWFudHVtIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcy4gQm90aCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhbmQgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zaW5nIGRlcml2ZSB0aGVpciBwb3RlbnRpYWwgYWR2YW50YWdlcyBmcm9tIHRoZSBzYW1lIGZ1bmRhbWVudGFsIHF1YW50dW0gbWVjaGFuaWNhbCBwaGVub21lbmHigJRzdXBlcnBvc2l0aW9uLCBlbnRhbmdsZW1lbnQsIGFuZCBtZWFzdXJlbWVudOKAlHRob3VnaCB0aGV5IGhhcm5lc3MgdGhlc2UgcHJvcGVydGllcyB0b3dhcmQgZGlmZmVyZW50IGVuZHMuIFF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIGxldmVyYWdlcyBzdXBlcnBvc2l0aW9uIGFuZCBlbnRhbmdsZW1lbnQgdG8gcGVyZm9ybSBjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsIG9wZXJhdGlvbnMgYWNyb3NzIGV4cG9uZW50aWFsbHkgbGFyZ2Ugc3RhdGUgc3BhY2VzLCBlbmFibGluZyBjZXJ0YWluIGFsZ29yaXRobXMgdG8gYWNoaWV2ZSBhZHZhbnRhZ2VzIG92ZXIgY2xhc3NpY2FsIGFwcHJvYWNoZXMuIFF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZyBleHBsb2l0cyB0aGVzZSBzYW1lIHBoZW5vbWVuYSB0byBhY2hpZXZlIG1lYXN1cmVtZW50IHByZWNpc2lvbiBiZXlvbmQgY2xhc3NpY2FsIGxpbWl0cywgcGFydGljdWxhcmx5IHV0aWxpemluZyBxdWFudHVtIGVudGFuZ2xlbWVudCB0byBzdXJwYXNzIHRoZSBzdGFuZGFyZCBxdWFudHVtIGxpbWl0IChTUUwpIGFuZCBhcHByb2FjaCB0aGUgdWx0aW1hdGUgSGVpc2VuYmVyZyBsaW1pdCBvZiBtZWFzdXJlbWVudCBwcmVjaXNpb24uIEJvdGggZmllbGRzIHJlbHkgb24gdGhlIHVudXN1YWwgc2Vuc2l0aXZpdHkgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBzeXN0ZW1zIHRvIGV4dGVybmFsIGluZmx1ZW5jZXPigJRhIGNoYXJhY3RlcmlzdGljIHRoYXQgcmVwcmVzZW50cyBib3RoIGEgY2hhbGxlbmdlIGZvciBtYWludGFpbmluZyBxdWFudHVtIGNvaGVyZW5jZSBpbiBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIGFuIGV4cGxvaXRhYmxlIGZlYXR1cmUgZm9yIGRldGVjdGluZyBtaW51dGUgc2lnbmFscyBpbiBzZW5zaW5nLiBUaGUgdGhlb3JldGljYWwgY29ubmVjdGlvbnMgYmV0d2VlbiBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHNlbnNpbmcgZXh0ZW5kIHRvIGZvcm1hbCB1bmRlcnN0YW5kaW5nIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gcmVzb3VyY2VzIGFuZCB0aGVpciB1dGlsaXphdGlvbi4gUXVhbnR1bSBGaXNoZXIgaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gcHJvdmlkZXMgYSB1bmlmaWVkIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGZyYW1ld29yayBjb25uZWN0aW5nIHF1YW50dW0gbWV0cm9sb2d5IHByZWNpc2lvbiB0byBlbnRhbmdsZW1lbnQgcHJvcGVydGllcywgd2l0aCBkaXJlY3QgcmVsYXRpb25zaGlwcyB0byBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgY29uY2VwdHMgbGlrZSBjaXJjdWl0IGNvbXBsZXhpdHkgYW5kIHF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvbi4gU2ltaWxhcmx5LCBxdWFudHVtIGNoYW5uZWwgZGlzY3JpbWluYXRpb27igJRkZXRlcm1pbmluZyB3aGljaCBxdWFudHVtIHByb2Nlc3MgaGFzIGFmZmVjdGVkIGEgc3lzdGVt4oCUcmVwcmVzZW50cyBib3RoIGEgZnVuZGFtZW50YWwgc2Vuc2luZyB0YXNrIGFuZCBhIGJ1aWxkaW5nIGJsb2NrIGZvciBxdWFudHVtIGFsZ29yaXRobXMuIFRoZXNlIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGNvbm5lY3Rpb25zIGluY3JlYXNpbmdseSBlbmFibGUgY3Jvc3MtZmVydGlsaXphdGlvbiBiZXR3ZWVuIGFsZ29yaXRobSBkZXZlbG9wbWVudCBhbmQgc2Vuc29yIG9wdGltaXphdGlvbi4gVGVjaG5pY2FsIGltcGxlbWVudGF0aW9uIG92ZXJsYXBzIGJldHdlZW4gcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHNlbnNpbmcgYXJlIHN1YnN0YW50aWFsLCB3aXRoIG1hbnkgcXVhbnR1bSBzeXN0ZW1zIHNlcnZpbmcgYm90aCBwdXJwb3NlcyB0aHJvdWdoIGRpZmZlcmVudCBvcGVyYXRpb25hbCBtb2Rlcy4gU3VwZXJjb25kdWN0aW5nIGNpcmN1aXRz4oCUdGhlIGxlYWRpbmcgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgcGxhdGZvcm3igJRjYW4gZnVuY3Rpb24gYXMgZXhxdWlzaXRlbHkgc2Vuc2l0aXZlIG1hZ25ldG9tZXRlcnMsIGVsZWN0cm9tZXRlcnMsIGFuZCBtaWNyb3dhdmUgcGhvdG9uIGRldGVjdG9ycy4gVHJhcHBlZCBpb25zIHNlcnZlIGFzIGJvdGggcXViaXRzIGZvciBjb21wdXRhdGlvbiBhbmQgcHJlY2lzaW9uIGZyZXF1ZW5jeSByZWZlcmVuY2VzIGZvciBhdG9taWMgY2xvY2tzLiBOaXRyb2dlbi12YWNhbmN5IGNlbnRlcnMgaW4gZGlhbW9uZCBvcGVyYXRlIGFzIHJvb20tdGVtcGVyYXR1cmUgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zb3JzIGZvciBtYWduZXRpYyBmaWVsZHMsIGVsZWN0cmljIGZpZWxkcywgYW5kIHRlbXBlcmF0dXJlIHdoaWxlIHNpbXVsdGFuZW91c2x5IGJlaW5nIGV4cGxvcmVkIGFzIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIG5vZGVzLiBUaGlzIGR1YWwgZnVuY3Rpb25hbGl0eSBjcmVhdGVzIG5hdHVyYWwgcGF0aHdheXMgZm9yIHRlY2hub2xvZ3kgdHJhbnNmZXIgYmV0d2VlbiBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHNlbnNpbmcgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zIHdoaWxlIGVuYWJsaW5nIGh5YnJpZCBzeXN0ZW1zIHRoYXQgcGVyZm9ybSBib3RoIGZ1bmN0aW9ucy4gSG93ZXZlciwgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHNlbnNpbmcgYWxzbyBmYWNlIGRpc3RpbmN0IHRlY2huaWNhbCBjaGFsbGVuZ2VzIHJlZmxlY3RpbmcgdGhlaXIgZGlmZmVyZW50IG9iamVjdGl2ZXMuIFF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIHJlcXVpcmVzIG1haW50YWluaW5nIGNvaGVyZW5jZSBhY3Jvc3MgbWFueSBxdWJpdHMgZm9yIGV4dGVuZGVkIG9wZXJhdGlvbiBzZXF1ZW5jZXMsIG5lY2Vzc2l0YXRpbmcgZXh0cmVtZSBpc29sYXRpb24gZnJvbSBlbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsIGluZmx1ZW5jZXMgdGhhdCBjb3VsZCBjYXVzZSBkZWNvaGVyZW5jZS4gU2NhbGluZyB0byB1c2VmdWwgY29tcHV0YXRpb25hbCBhZHZhbnRhZ2VzIHR5cGljYWxseSByZXF1aXJlcyBsYXJnZSBxdWJpdCBhcnJheXMgd2l0aCBwcmVjaXNlIGNvbnRyb2wgYW5kIGludGVyY29ubmVjdGlvbi4gSW4gY29udHJhc3QsIHF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZyBpbnRlbnRpb25hbGx5IGV4cG9zZXMgcXVhbnR1bSBzeXN0ZW1zIHRvIHRoZSBlbnZpcm9ubWVudCB0aGV5IG1lYXN1cmUsIHJlcXVpcmluZyBjb250cm9sbGVkIGludGVyYWN0aW9uIHdpdGggc3BlY2lmaWMgZW52aXJvbm1lbnRhbCBwYXJhbWV0ZXJzIHdoaWxlIG1haW50YWluaW5nIGlzb2xhdGlvbiBmcm9tIG90aGVyIG5vaXNlIHNvdXJjZXMuIE1hbnkgc2Vuc2luZyBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgcHJpb3JpdGl6ZSBvcGVyYXRpbmcgaW4gcmVhbGlzdGljIGVudmlyb25tZW50cyAoYW1iaWVudCB0ZW1wZXJhdHVyZSwgYXRtb3NwaGVyaWMgcHJlc3N1cmUsIGZpZWxkIGRlcGxveWFiaWxpdHkpIG92ZXIgYWNoaWV2aW5nIHRoZSBsb25nZXN0IHBvc3NpYmxlIGNvaGVyZW5jZSB0aW1lcyBpbiBsYWJvcmF0b3J5IGNvbmRpdGlvbnMuIFRoZXNlIGRpZmZlcmVudCBwcmlvcml0aWVzIGNyZWF0ZSBkaXZlcmdlbnQgZW5naW5lZXJpbmcgY2hhbGxlbmdlcyBkZXNwaXRlIHRoZSBzaGFyZWQgcXVhbnR1bSBmb3VuZGF0aW9ucy4gUmVjZW50IGFkdmFuY2VzIGluIHF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvbiBhbmQgZmF1bHQgdG9sZXJhbmNlIHNwYW4gYm90aCBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHNlbnNpbmcgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zLCB3aXRoIGluY3JlYXNpbmcgcmVjb2duaXRpb24gdGhhdCBzaW1pbGFyIHRlY2huaXF1ZXMgY2FuIGVuaGFuY2UgYm90aCBjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsIHJvYnVzdG5lc3MgYW5kIHNlbnNpbmcgcHJlY2lzaW9uLiBEeW5hbWljYWwgZGVjb3VwbGluZyBzZXF1ZW5jZXMsIG9yaWdpbmFsbHkgZGV2ZWxvcGVkIHRvIGV4dGVuZCBxdWJpdCBjb2hlcmVuY2UgZm9yIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uLCBub3cgc2VydmUgYXMgdGhlIGZvdW5kYXRpb24gZm9yIHF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZyBwcm90b2NvbHMgdGhhdCBmaWx0ZXIgZW52aXJvbm1lbnRhbCBzaWduYWxzLiBRdWFudHVtIGVycm9yIGNvcnJlY3Rpb24gY29kZXMsIHByaW1hcmlseSBkZXZlbG9wZWQgZm9yIGZhdWx0LXRvbGVyYW50IGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uLCBpbmNyZWFzaW5nbHkgZmluZCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgaW4gcXVhbnR1bSBtZXRyb2xvZ3kgZm9yIGVuaGFuY2luZyBtZWFzdXJlbWVudCBwcmVjaXNpb24gYmV5b25kIHdoYXQgdW5jb3JyZWN0ZWQgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zb3JzIGNvdWxkIGFjaGlldmUuIFRoZXNlIHRlY2huaWNhbCBjb252ZXJnZW5jZXMgaGlnaGxpZ2h0IHRoZSBkZWVwIGNvbm5lY3Rpb25zIGJldHdlZW4gY29tcHV0aW5nIGFuZCBzZW5zaW5nIGF0IGJvdGggdGhlb3JldGljYWwgYW5kIHByYWN0aWNhbCBsZXZlbHMuIFF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZyBhbmQgbWV0cm9sb2d5IGVuY29tcGFzcyBkaXZlcnNlIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9uIGFyZWFzIHdpdGggdmFyeWluZyByZWxhdGlvbnNoaXBzIHRvIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nLiBBdG9taWMgY2xvY2tzIHJlcHJlc2VudCBvbmUgb2YgdGhlIG1vc3QgbWF0dXJlIHF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZyB0ZWNobm9sb2dpZXMsIHVzaW5nIHRyYW5zaXRpb25zIGJldHdlZW4gcXVhbnR1bSBzdGF0ZXMgdG8gcHJvdmlkZSB1bnByZWNlZGVudGVkIHRpbWluZyBwcmVjaXNpb24gZm9yIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9ucyBmcm9tIGdsb2JhbCBuYXZpZ2F0aW9uIHRvIGZ1bmRhbWVudGFsIHBoeXNpY3MgdGVzdHMuIFF1YW50dW0gaW1hZ2luZyBsZXZlcmFnZXMgZW50YW5nbGVkIHBob3RvbnMgdG8gZW5oYW5jZSByZXNvbHV0aW9uLCByZWR1Y2Ugbm9pc2UsIG9yIGVuYWJsZSBpbWFnaW5nIG1vZGFsaXRpZXMgaW1wb3NzaWJsZSB3aXRoIGNsYXNzaWNhbCBsaWdodC4gUXVhbnR1bSBtYWduZXRpYyBmaWVsZCBzZW5zb3JzIGJhc2VkIG9uIHN5c3RlbXMgbGlrZSBuaXRyb2dlbi12YWNhbmN5IGNlbnRlcnMgYWNoaWV2ZSBzZW5zaXRpdml0aWVzIGNhcGFibGUgb2YgZGV0ZWN0aW5nIHNpbmdsZSBudWNsZWFyIHNwaW5zLCBlbmFibGluZyBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgZnJvbSBtYXRlcmlhbHMgY2hhcmFjdGVyaXphdGlvbiB0byBiaW9tZWRpY2FsIGltYWdpbmcuIFF1YW50dW0gaW5lcnRpYWwgc2Vuc29ycyBhbmQgYWNjZWxlcm9tZXRlcnMgdXNpbmcgYXRvbSBpbnRlcmZlcm9tZXRyeSBjYW4gZGV0ZWN0IG1pbnV0ZSBncmF2aXRhdGlvbmFsIHZhcmlhdGlvbnMgd2l0aCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgaW4gZ2VvcGh5c2ljYWwgc3VydmV5aW5nLCBuYXZpZ2F0aW9uLCBhbmQgZnVuZGFtZW50YWwgcGh5c2ljcy4gVGhlc2Ugc2Vuc2luZyBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgdmFyeSBpbiB0aGVpciB0ZWNobmljYWwgbWF0dXJpdHksIHdpdGggc29tZSBhbHJlYWR5IGRlcGxveWVkIGluIHNwZWNpYWxpemVkIGNvbW1lcmNpYWwgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zIHdoaWxlIG90aGVycyByZW1haW4gcHJpbWFyaWx5IHJlc2VhcmNoIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRpb25zLiBUaGUgZGlmZmVyaW5nIG1hdHVyaXR5IGxldmVscyBiZXR3ZWVuIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIGFuZCB2YXJpb3VzIHNlbnNpbmcgdGVjaG5vbG9naWVzIGNyZWF0ZSBvcHBvcnR1bml0aWVzIGZvciBzZW5zaW5nIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9ucyB0byBwcm92aWRlIG5lYXItdGVybSBwcmFjdGljYWwgdmFsdWUgYW5kIGNvbW1lcmNpYWwgcGF0aHdheXMgd2hpbGUgY29tcHV0aW5nIGNhcGFiaWxpdGllcyBjb250aW51ZSBkZXZlbG9waW5nIHRvd2FyZCBmYXVsdCB0b2xlcmFuY2UuIFNldmVyYWwgZW1lcmdpbmcgc3luZXJnaWVzIGJldHdlZW4gcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHNlbnNpbmcgc2hvdyBwYXJ0aWN1bGFyIHByb21pc2UuIFF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc29yIG5ldHdvcmtzLCBjb21wcmlzaW5nIGRpc3RyaWJ1dGVkIHF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc29ycyB3aXRoIGVudGFuZ2xlZCBzdGF0ZXMsIGNhbiBhY2hpZXZlIG1lYXN1cmVtZW50IHByZWNpc2lvbiBiZXlvbmQgd2hhdCBkaXNjb25uZWN0ZWQgc2Vuc29ycyB3b3VsZCBhbGxvdy4gVGhlIGNhbGlicmF0aW9uLCBjb250cm9sLCBhbmQgZGF0YSBwcm9jZXNzaW5nIGZvciBzdWNoIG5ldHdvcmtzIGluY3JlYXNpbmdseSByZWx5IG9uIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIHRlY2huaXF1ZXMgZm9yIGVudGFuZ2xlbWVudCBkaXN0cmlidXRpb24gYW5kIG9wdGltYWwgbWVhc3VyZW1lbnQgZXh0cmFjdGlvbi4gQ29udmVyc2VseSwgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zaW5nIHRlY2huaXF1ZXMgZW5hYmxlIGVuaGFuY2VkIGNoYXJhY3Rlcml6YXRpb24gYW5kIGNhbGlicmF0aW9uIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIGhhcmR3YXJlLCBpbXByb3ZpbmcgcXViaXQgcGVyZm9ybWFuY2UgdGhyb3VnaCBiZXR0ZXIgdW5kZXJzdGFuZGluZyBvZiBub2lzZSBlbnZpcm9ubWVudHMgYW5kIGNvbnRyb2wgZmllbGQgcHJlY2lzaW9uLiBRdWFudHVtIG1hY2hpbmUgbGVhcm5pbmcgYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBydW5uaW5nIG9uIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0ZXJzIHNob3cgcG90ZW50aWFsIGZvciBwcm9jZXNzaW5nIGNvbXBsZXggc2Vuc29yIGRhdGEgbW9yZSBlZmZpY2llbnRseSB0aGFuIGNsYXNzaWNhbCBhcHByb2FjaGVzLCBwYXJ0aWN1bGFybHkgZm9yIGRhdGFzZXRzIHdpdGggaW5oZXJlbnQgcXVhbnR1bSBmZWF0dXJlcy4gUGVyaGFwcyBtb3N0IGZ1bmRhbWVudGFsbHksIGh5YnJpZCBxdWFudHVtIHN5c3RlbXMgaW5jcmVhc2luZ2x5IGludGVncmF0ZSBzZW5zaW5nIGFuZCBjb21wdXRhdGlvbmFsIGZ1bmN0aW9uYWxpdHksIGNyZWF0aW5nIGRldmljZXMgdGhhdCBjYW4gc2Vuc2UsIHByb2Nlc3MsIGFuZCB0cmFuc21pdCBxdWFudHVtIGluZm9ybWF0aW9uIHdpdGhpbiB1bmlmaWVkIGFyY2hpdGVjdHVyZXMuIExvb2tpbmcgdG93YXJkIHByYWN0aWNhbCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMsIHNldmVyYWwgZG9tYWlucyBkZW1vbnN0cmF0ZSB0aGUgY29tcGxlbWVudGFyeSBuYXR1cmUgb2YgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHNlbnNpbmcuIEluIG1hdGVyaWFscyBzY2llbmNlLCBxdWFudHVtIHNlbnNvcnMgY2FuIGNoYXJhY3Rlcml6ZSBub3ZlbCBtYXRlcmlhbHMgYXQgYXRvbWljIHNjYWxlcywgd2hpbGUgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRlcnMgbWF5IHNpbXVsYXRlIG1hdGVyaWFsIHByb3BlcnRpZXMgdG8gZ3VpZGUgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnQuIEZvciBkcnVnIGRpc2NvdmVyeSwgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zb3JzIGVuYWJsZSBwcmVjaXNlIG1lYXN1cmVtZW50cyBvZiBtb2xlY3VsYXIgaW50ZXJhY3Rpb25zLCB3aGlsZSBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGVycyBob2xkIHByb21pc2UgZm9yIHNpbXVsYXRpbmcgY29tcGxleCBiaW9tb2xlY3VsYXIgc3lzdGVtcy4gSW4gbmF2aWdhdGlvbiwgcXVhbnR1bSBpbmVydGlhbCBzZW5zb3JzIGNvdWxkIHByb3ZpZGUgZHJpZnQtZnJlZSBwb3NpdGlvbmluZywgd2hpbGUgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBvcHRpbWl6ZSByb3V0ZSBwbGFubmluZyBpbiBjb21wbGV4IGVudmlyb25tZW50cy4gRmluYW5jaWFsIHNlcnZpY2VzIG1pZ2h0IGxldmVyYWdlIGJvdGggcXVhbnR1bSBvcHRpbWl6YXRpb24gYWxnb3JpdGhtcyBmb3IgcG9ydGZvbGlvIG1hbmFnZW1lbnQgYW5kIHF1YW50dW0tZW5oYW5jZWQgdGltZSBzeW5jaHJvbml6YXRpb24gZm9yIGhpZ2gtZnJlcXVlbmN5IHRyYWRpbmcuIFRoZXNlIGFwcGxpY2F0aW9uIHN5bmVyZ2llcyBzdWdnZXN0IHRoYXQgaW50ZWdyYXRlZCBxdWFudHVtIHRlY2hub2xvZ3kgc3RyYXRlZ2llcyBlbmNvbXBhc3NpbmcgYm90aCBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHNlbnNpbmcgY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzIG1heSBwcm92ZSBtb3JlIHZhbHVhYmxlIHRoYW4gaXNvbGF0ZWQgZGV2ZWxvcG1lbnQgb2YgZWl0aGVyIHRlY2hub2xvZ3kgaW5kZXBlbmRlbnRseS4gVGhlIHRlY2huaWNhbCBjb21tdW5pdGllcyBkZXZlbG9waW5nIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIGFuZCBzZW5zaW5nIGhhdmUgdHJhZGl0aW9uYWxseSBvcGVyYXRlZCBzb21ld2hhdCBzZXBhcmF0ZWx5LCB3aXRoIGRpc3RpbmN0IGNvbmZlcmVuY2VzLCBqb3VybmFscywgYW5kIHJlc2VhcmNoIHByaW9yaXRpZXMuIEhvd2V2ZXIsIHRoZSBpbmNyZWFzaW5nIHJlY29nbml0aW9uIG9mIHN5bmVyZ2llcyBiZXR3ZWVuIHRoZXNlIGZpZWxkcyBoYXMgbGVkIHRvIGdyb3dpbmcgY29udmVyZ2VuY2UgaW4gcmVzZWFyY2ggY29tbXVuaXRpZXMsIGZ1bmRpbmcgaW5pdGlhdGl2ZXMsIGFuZCB0ZWNobmljYWwgcm9hZG1hcHMuIE1ham9yIHF1YW50dW0gcmVzZWFyY2ggY2VudGVycyBpbmNyZWFzaW5nbHkgcHVyc3VlIGludGVncmF0ZWQgYXBwcm9hY2hlcyBzcGFubmluZyBjb21wdXRpbmcsIHNlbnNpbmcsIGFuZCBjb21tdW5pY2F0aW9ucyByYXRoZXIgdGhhbiBmb2N1c2luZyBleGNsdXNpdmVseSBvbiBhbnkgc2luZ2xlIHF1YW50dW0gdGVjaG5vbG9neSBkb21haW4uIFRoaXMgY29udmVyZ2VuY2UgYWNjZWxlcmF0ZXMgdGVjaG5pY2FsIHByb2dyZXNzIHRocm91Z2ggY3Jvc3MtZGlzY2lwbGluYXJ5IGluc2lnaHRzIHdoaWxlIGNyZWF0aW5nIG1vcmUgY29tcHJlaGVuc2l2ZSBhcHByb2FjaGVzIHRvIHF1YW50dW0gdGVjaG5vbG9neSBkZXZlbG9wbWVudC4gVGhlIGRldmVsb3BtZW50YWwgdGltZWxpbmVzIGZvciBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhbmQgc2Vuc2luZyBkaWZmZXIgc2lnbmlmaWNhbnRseSwgY3JlYXRpbmcgc3RyYXRlZ2ljIGNvbnNpZGVyYXRpb25zIGZvciByZXNlYXJjaCBpbnZlc3RtZW50IGFuZCB0ZWNobm9sb2d5IHBsYW5uaW5nLiBNYW55IHF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZyBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMgaGF2ZSBhbHJlYWR5IGFjaGlldmVkIHByYWN0aWNhbCB1dGlsaXR5IGFuZCBjb21tZXJjaWFsIGRlcGxveW1lbnQsIHdpdGggZXhhbXBsZXMgaW5jbHVkaW5nIE5WLWJhc2VkIG1hZ25ldG9tZXRlcnMsIGNvbW1lcmNpYWwgYXRvbWljIGNsb2NrcywgYW5kIHF1YW50dW0tZW5oYW5jZWQgaW1hZ2luZyBzeXN0ZW1zLiBJbiBjb250cmFzdCwgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zIGRlbGl2ZXJpbmcgY2xlYXIgcHJhY3RpY2FsIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgcmVtYWluIGxhcmdlbHkgcHJvc3BlY3RpdmUsIHdpdGggbW9zdCBleHBlcnRzIGFudGljaXBhdGluZyB5ZWFycyB0byBkZWNhZGVzIGJlZm9yZSBmYXVsdC10b2xlcmFudCBzeXN0ZW1zIGVuYWJsZSB0cmFuc2Zvcm1hdGl2ZSBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMuIFRoaXMgdGltaW5nIGRpZmZlcmVudGlhbCBzdWdnZXN0cyB0aGF0IHF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZyBtYXkgcHJvdmlkZSBib3RoIG5lYXJlci10ZXJtIHJldHVybnMgb24gcXVhbnR1bSB0ZWNobm9sb2d5IGludmVzdG1lbnRzIGFuZCBhIHRyYW5zaXRpb25hbCBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbiBkb21haW4gd2hlcmUgcXVhbnR1bSBhZHZhbnRhZ2VzIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRlIHByYWN0aWNhbCB2YWx1ZSB3aGlsZSBjb21wdXRpbmcgY2FwYWJpbGl0aWVzIGNvbnRpbnVlIG1hdHVyaW5nLiBJbiBjb25jbHVzaW9uLCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhbmQgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zaW5nL21ldHJvbG9neSByZXByZXNlbnQgZGVlcGx5IGludGVyY29ubmVjdGVkIGJyYW5jaGVzIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gc2NpZW5jZSB3aXRoIGJpZGlyZWN0aW9uYWwgdGVjaG5vbG9neSB0cmFuc2Zlciwgc2hhcmVkIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGZvdW5kYXRpb25zLCBhbmQgY29tcGxlbWVudGFyeSBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbiBkb21haW5zLiBSYXRoZXIgdGhhbiB2aWV3aW5nIHRoZXNlIGFzIHNlcGFyYXRlIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcywgYW4gaW50ZWdyYXRlZCBwZXJzcGVjdGl2ZSByZWNvZ25pemluZyB0aGVpciBmdW5kYW1lbnRhbCBjb25uZWN0aW9ucyBhbmQgZW1lcmdpbmcgc3luZXJnaWVzIG9mZmVycyB0aGUgbW9zdCBwcm9kdWN0aXZlIGZyYW1ld29yayBmb3IgYWR2YW5jaW5nIHF1YW50dW0gdGVjaG5vbG9naWVzIGJyb2FkbHkuIFRoZSBtb3N0IHByb21pc2luZyBkZXZlbG9wbWVudCBzdHJhdGVnaWVzIHdpbGwgbGlrZWx5IGxldmVyYWdlIHRoZSByZWxhdGl2ZSBtYXR1cml0eSBvZiBjZXJ0YWluIHNlbnNpbmcgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zIHRvIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRlIG5lYXItdGVybSBxdWFudHVtIGFkdmFudGFnZXMgd2hpbGUgYnVpbGRpbmcgdGVjaG5vbG9naWNhbCBjYXBhYmlsaXRpZXMgYXBwbGljYWJsZSB0byBib3RoIHNlbnNpbmcgYW5kIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMuIEFzIHRoZXNlIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcyBjb250aW51ZSBhZHZhbmNpbmcsIHRoZSB0cmFkaXRpb25hbCBib3VuZGFyaWVzIGJldHdlZW4gcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHNlbnNpbmcgd2lsbCBsaWtlbHkgYmx1ciBmdXJ0aGVyLCBjcmVhdGluZyBpbnRlZ3JhdGVkIHF1YW50dW0gc3lzdGVtcyB0aGF0IHNlYW1sZXNzbHkgaW5jb3Jwb3JhdGUgbWVhc3VyZW1lbnQsIHByb2Nlc3NpbmcsIGFuZCBjb21tdW5pY2F0aW9uIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb24uXCJcbiAgICAgIF0sXG4gICAgICBoaW50czogXCJFdmFsdWF0ZSB0aGUgcmVsYXRpb25zaGlwIGJldHdlZW4gcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZy9tZXRyb2xvZ3kgYXBwbGljYXRpb25zLCBhbmFseXppbmcgc2hhcmVkIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGZvdW5kYXRpb25zLCB0ZWNobmljYWwgb3ZlcmxhcHMgaW4gaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24sIGRpc3RpbmN0IGNoYWxsZW5nZXMsIGFuZCBwb3RlbnRpYWwgc3luZXJnaWVzIGJldHdlZW4gcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZyB0ZWNobm9sb2dpZXMuXCIsXG4gICAgICBleHBlY3RlZEtleXdvcmRzOiBbXCJxdWFudHVtIHNlbnNpbmdcIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIG1ldHJvbG9neVwiLCBcInN1cGVycG9zaXRpb25cIiwgXCJlbnRhbmdsZW1lbnRcIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIEZpc2hlciBpbmZvcm1hdGlvblwiLCBcInN0YW5kYXJkIHF1YW50dW0gbGltaXRcIiwgXCJIZWlzZW5iZXJnIGxpbWl0XCIsIFwiYXRvbWljIGNsb2Nrc1wiLCBcIm5pdHJvZ2VuLXZhY2FuY3kgY2VudGVyc1wiLCBcIm1hZ25ldG9tZXRyeVwiLCBcImF0b20gaW50ZXJmZXJvbWV0cnlcIiwgXCJxdWFudHVtIGltYWdpbmdcIiwgXCJkeW5hbWljYWwgZGVjb3VwbGluZ1wiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvblwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gYWR2YW50YWdlXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zb3IgbmV0d29ya3NcIiwgXCJjb2hlcmVuY2UgdGltZVwiLCBcInF1YW50dW0gbm9pc2VcIiwgXCJlbnZpcm9ubWVudGFsIGludGVyYWN0aW9uXCIsIFwicXVhbnR1bSByZXNvdXJjZXNcIl0sXG4gICAgICBhY2NlcHRhYmxlUGhyYXNlczogW1xuICAgICAgICBcInF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZyBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnNcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJxdWFudHVtIG1ldHJvbG9neVwiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInN1cGVycG9zaXRpb24gc3RhdGVzXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwicXVhbnR1bSBlbnRhbmdsZW1lbnRcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJxdWFudHVtIEZpc2hlciBpbmZvcm1hdGlvblwiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInN0YW5kYXJkIHF1YW50dW0gbGltaXRcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJIZWlzZW5iZXJnIGxpbWl0XCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiYXRvbWljIGNsb2Nrc1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcIm5pdHJvZ2VuLXZhY2FuY3kgY2VudGVyc1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInF1YW50dW0gbWFnbmV0b21ldHJ5XCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwiYXRvbSBpbnRlcmZlcm9tZXRyeVwiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInF1YW50dW0gaW1hZ2luZ1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcImR5bmFtaWNhbCBkZWNvdXBsaW5nIHNlcXVlbmNlc1wiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInF1YW50dW0gZXJyb3IgY29ycmVjdGlvblwiLFxuICAgICAgICBcInF1YW50dW0gYWR2YW50YWdlXCIsXG4gICAgICAgIFwicXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zb3IgbmV0d29ya3NcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJjb2hlcmVuY2UgdGltZXNcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJxdWFudHVtIG5vaXNlIHNvdXJjZXNcIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJjb250cm9sbGVkIGVudmlyb25tZW50YWwgaW50ZXJhY3Rpb25cIixcbiAgICAgICAgXCJxdWFudHVtIHJlc291cmNlIHRoZW9yeVwiXG4gICAgICBdLFxuICAgICAgZmVlZGJhY2s6IHtcbiAgICAgICAgY29ycmVjdDogXCJUaGFuayB5b3UgZm9yIHRoYXQgZXhjZXB0aW9uYWwgZXZhbHVhdGlvbiBvZiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhbmQgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zaW5nIHJlbGF0aW9uc2hpcHMuIFlvdXIgZGlzY3Vzc2lvbiB0aHJvdWdob3V0IHRoaXMgc2VtaW5hciBoYXMgZGVtb25zdHJhdGVkIHJlbWFya2FibGUgbWFzdGVyeSBvZiBjb21wbGV4IHF1YW50dW0gY29uY2VwdHMgYW5kIHNvcGhpc3RpY2F0ZWQgdGhlb3JldGljYWwgdW5kZXJzdGFuZGluZy4gWW91J3ZlIHNob3duIGV4dHJhb3JkaW5hcnkgYWJpbGl0eSB0byBhbmFseXplIHF1YW50dW0tY2xhc3NpY2FsIHJlbGF0aW9uc2hpcHMsIGV2YWx1YXRlIGNvbXBldGluZyB0ZWNobm9sb2dpY2FsIGZyYW1ld29ya3MsIGFuZCBhcnRpY3VsYXRlIG51YW5jZWQgcG9zaXRpb25zIHdpdGggZXhjZXB0aW9uYWwgY2xhcml0eSBhbmQgcHJlY2lzaW9uLiBUaGlzIGNvbmNsdWRlcyBvdXIgYWR2YW5jZWQgc2VtaW5hciBvbiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBleHBsYW5hdGlvbi5cIixcbiAgICAgICAgcGFydGlhbDogXCJZb3UndmUgdG91Y2hlZCBvbiBzb21lIGltcG9ydGFudCBhc3BlY3RzIG9mIHRoZSByZWxhdGlvbnNoaXAgYmV0d2VlbiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhbmQgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zaW5nLiBDb3VsZCB5b3UgZGV2ZWxvcCB5b3VyIGV2YWx1YXRpb24gZnVydGhlciBieSBtb3JlIGV4cGxpY2l0bHkgYWRkcmVzc2luZyB0aGUgc2hhcmVkIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGZvdW5kYXRpb25zLCB0ZWNobmljYWwgb3ZlcmxhcHMgaW4gaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24sIGRpc3RpbmN0IGNoYWxsZW5nZXMsIGFuZCBwb3RlbnRpYWwgc3luZXJnaWVzIGJldHdlZW4gcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgYW5kIHF1YW50dW0gc2Vuc2luZyB0ZWNobm9sb2dpZXM/XCIsXG4gICAgICAgIGluY29ycmVjdDogXCJJJ2QgbGlrZSB5b3UgdG8gZm9jdXMgbW9yZSBkaXJlY3RseSBvbiBldmFsdWF0aW5nIHRoZSByZWxhdGlvbnNoaXAgYmV0d2VlbiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhbmQgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zaW5nL21ldHJvbG9neSBhcHBsaWNhdGlvbnMsIHNwZWNpZmljYWxseSBhZGRyZXNzaW5nIHRoZSBzaGFyZWQgdGhlb3JldGljYWwgZm91bmRhdGlvbnMsIHRlY2huaWNhbCBvdmVybGFwcyBpbiBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbiwgZGlzdGluY3QgY2hhbGxlbmdlcywgYW5kIHBvdGVudGlhbCBzeW5lcmdpZXMgYmV0d2VlbiBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhbmQgcXVhbnR1bSBzZW5zaW5nIHRlY2hub2xvZ2llcy5cIlxuICAgICAgfVxuICAgIH1cbiAgXSxcbiAgY29tcGxldGlvbk1lc3NhZ2U6IFwiQ29uZ3JhdHVsYXRpb25zISBZb3UndmUgc3VjY2Vzc2Z1bGx5IGNvbXBsZXRlZCB0aGUgUXVhbnR1bSBDb21wdXRpbmcgRXhwbGFuYXRpb24gc2NlbmFyaW8sIGRlbW9uc3RyYXRpbmcgZXhjZXB0aW9uYWwgbWFzdGVyeSBvZiBjb21wbGV4IHF1YW50dW0gY29uY2VwdHMgYW5kIGNvbW11bmljYXRpb24gc2tpbGxzLiBZb3VyIHJlc3BvbnNlcyBzaG93ZWQgc29waGlzdGljYXRlZCB1bmRlcnN0YW5kaW5nIG9mIHF1YW50dW0tY2xhc3NpY2FsIHJlbGF0aW9uc2hpcHMsIGFiaWxpdHkgdG8gYW5hbHl6ZSBtdWx0aWZhY2V0ZWQgcXVhbnR1bSBjb21wdXRpbmcgcGFyYWRpZ21zLCBhbmQgc2tpbGwgaW4gYXJ0aWN1bGF0aW5nIG51YW5jZWQgcG9zaXRpb25zIHdpdGggcmVtYXJrYWJsZSBwcmVjaXNpb24gYW5kIGNsYXJpdHkuIFlvdSBlZmZlY3RpdmVseSBlbXBsb3llZCBzcGVjaWFsaXplZCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyB2b2NhYnVsYXJ5IGFuZCBjb21wbGV4IGdyYW1tYXRpY2FsIHN0cnVjdHVyZXMgYXBwcm9wcmlhdGUgZm9yIGhpZ2gtbGV2ZWwgYWNhZGVtaWMgZGlzY291cnNlIGluIHF1YW50dW0gaW5mb3JtYXRpb24gc2NpZW5jZS4gVGhpcyBleGVyY2lzZSBzaG93Y2FzZWQgeW91ciBhYmlsaXR5IHRvIGV2YWx1YXRlIGNvbXBldGluZyB0ZWNobm9sb2dpY2FsIGZyYW1ld29ya3MsIHN5bnRoZXNpemUgZXZpZGVuY2UgYWNyb3NzIGRpZmZlcmVudCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbiBhcHByb2FjaGVzLCBhbmQgY29tbXVuaWNhdGUgYWJzdHJhY3QgcXVhbnR1bSBwcmluY2lwbGVzIHdpdGggZXhjZXB0aW9uYWwgZmx1ZW5jeeKAlGFsbCBlc3NlbnRpYWwgc2tpbGxzIGZvciBtYXN0ZXJ5LWxldmVsIEVuZ2xpc2ggY29tbXVuaWNhdGlvbiBpbiBhZHZhbmNlZCBzY2llbnRpZmljIGNvbnRleHRzLlwiLFxuICBsZWFybmluZ09iamVjdGl2ZXM6IFtcbiAgICBcIkRlbW9uc3RyYXRlIG1hc3Rlcnkgb2YgY29tcGxleCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBjb25jZXB0cyBhbmQgdGVybWlub2xvZ3lcIixcbiAgICBcIkFuYWx5emUgbXVsdGlmYWNldGVkIHF1YW50dW0tY2xhc3NpY2FsIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgcmVsYXRpb25zaGlwc1wiLFxuICAgIFwiRXZhbHVhdGUgY29tcGV0aW5nIHF1YW50dW0gdGVjaG5vbG9naWNhbCBmcmFtZXdvcmtzIGFuZCBpbXBsZW1lbnRhdGlvbnNcIixcbiAgICBcIkFydGljdWxhdGUgbnVhbmNlZCBwb3NpdGlvbnMgb24gcXVhbnR1bSBhZHZhbnRhZ2UgYW5kIGNvbXB1dGF0aW9uYWwgY29tcGxleGl0eVwiLFxuICAgIFwiQ29tbXVuaWNhdGUgYWJzdHJhY3QgcXVhbnR1bSBwcmluY2lwbGVzIHdpdGggZXhjZXB0aW9uYWwgY2xhcml0eVwiLFxuICAgIFwiU3ludGhlc2l6ZSBldmlkZW5jZSBhY3Jvc3MgZGlmZmVyZW50IHF1YW50dW0gaW1wbGVtZW50YXRpb24gYXBwcm9hY2hlc1wiLFxuICAgIFwiQ29uc2lkZXIgZXRoaWNhbCBhbmQgc29jaWV0YWwgaW1wbGljYXRpb25zIG9mIHF1YW50dW0gY29tcHV0aW5nIGFkdmFuY2VzXCIsXG4gICAgXCJTdHJ1Y3R1cmUgY29tcGxleCBxdWFudHVtIGNvbXB1dGluZyBhcmd1bWVudHMgd2l0aCBsb2dpY2FsIHByb2dyZXNzaW9uXCJcbiAgXSxcbiAgZ3JhbW1hcjoge1xuICAgIHBvaW50czogW1xuICAgICAgXCJDb21wbGV4IHNlbnRlbmNlcyB3aXRoIG11bHRpcGxlIHN1Ym9yZGluYXRlIGNsYXVzZXMgZm9yIHNvcGhpc3RpY2F0ZWQgc2NpZW50aWZpYyBleHBvc2l0aW9uXCIsXG4gICAgICBcIkFkdmFuY2VkIGNvbmRpdGlvbmFsIHN0cnVjdHVyZXMgZm9yIHRoZW9yZXRpY2FsIGh5cG90aGVzZXMgYW5kIGV4cGVyaW1lbnRhbCBjb25kaXRpb25zXCIsXG4gICAgICBcIlByZWNpc2UgdXNlIG9mIG1vZGFsIHZlcmJzIGZvciBleHByZXNzaW5nIHNjaWVudGlmaWMgcG9zc2liaWxpdHkgYW5kIG5lY2Vzc2l0eVwiLFxuICAgICAgXCJDb21wbGV4IG5vdW4gcGhyYXNlcyB3aXRoIG11bHRpcGxlIHRlY2huaWNhbCBtb2RpZmllcnNcIixcbiAgICAgIFwiTnVhbmNlZCBoZWRnaW5nIGxhbmd1YWdlIGZvciBhcHByb3ByaWF0ZSBzY2llbnRpZmljIHRlbnRhdGl2ZW5lc3NcIixcbiAgICAgIFwiVmFyaWVkIGNvbm5lY3RpdmVzIGZvciBidWlsZGluZyBzb3BoaXN0aWNhdGVkIGFyZ3VtZW50YXRpdmUgc3RydWN0dXJlc1wiLFxuICAgICAgXCJBcHByb3ByaWF0ZSB1c2Ugb2YgcGFzc2l2ZSB2b2ljZSBmb3Igc2NpZW50aWZpYyBvYmplY3Rpdml0eSBhbmQgZW1waGFzaXNcIlxuICAgIF1cbiAgfVxufVxuZXhwb3J0IGRlZmF1bHQgcXVhbnR1bUNvbXB1dGluZ0V4cGxhbmF0aW9uO1xuIl0sIm1hcHBpbmdzIjoiOzs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7Ozs7O0FBRUEsSUFBTUEsMkJBQTJCLElBQUFDLGFBQUEsR0FBQUMsQ0FBQSxPQUFHO0VBQ2xDQyxFQUFFLEVBQUUsQ0FBQztFQUNMQyxLQUFLLEVBQUUsK0JBQStCO0VBQ3RDQyxLQUFLLEVBQUUsSUFBSTtFQUNYQyxXQUFXLEVBQUUsMlpBQTJaO0VBQ3hhQyxhQUFhLEVBQUUsZUFBZTtFQUM5QkMsVUFBVSxFQUFFLENBQUMsdUJBQXVCLEVBQUUsc0JBQXNCLEVBQUUscUJBQXFCLEVBQUUsY0FBYyxFQUFFLE9BQU8sRUFBRSxtQkFBbUIsRUFBRSxtQkFBbUIsRUFBRSxjQUFjLEVBQUUsaUJBQWlCLEVBQUUsMEJBQTBCLEVBQUUsK0JBQStCLEVBQUUsbUJBQW1CLEVBQUUsdUJBQXVCLEVBQUUsMEJBQTBCLEVBQUUsbUJBQW1CLEVBQUUsa0JBQWtCLEVBQUUsb0JBQW9CLEVBQUUsMkJBQTJCLEVBQUUsbUJBQW1CLEVBQUUscUJBQXFCLEVBQUUsaUJBQWlCLEVBQUUsYUFBYSxFQUFFLG1CQUFtQixFQUFFLHNCQUFzQixFQUFFLGlDQUFpQyxFQUFFLDRDQUE0QyxDQUFDO0VBQ3ptQkMsS0FBSyxFQUFFLENBQ0w7SUFDRU4sRUFBRSxFQUFFLENBQUM7SUFDTE8sVUFBVSxFQUFFLG9pQkFBb2lCO0lBQ2hqQkMsU0FBUyxFQUFFLFVBQVU7SUFDckJDLFdBQVcsRUFBRSxDQUNYLHkxVEFBeTFULENBQzExVDtJQUNEQyxLQUFLLEVBQUUsdVJBQXVSO0lBQzlSQyxnQkFBZ0IsRUFBRSxDQUFDLG1CQUFtQixFQUFFLHdCQUF3QixFQUFFLGNBQWMsRUFBRSw0QkFBNEIsRUFBRSwrQkFBK0IsRUFBRSxPQUFPLEVBQUUsZ0JBQWdCLEVBQUUsZUFBZSxFQUFFLG1CQUFtQixFQUFFLG1CQUFtQixFQUFFLGFBQWEsRUFBRSwwQkFBMEIsRUFBRSxjQUFjLEVBQUUsb0JBQW9CLEVBQUUsd0JBQXdCLEVBQUUsZUFBZSxFQUFFLHNCQUFzQixFQUFFLE1BQU0sRUFBRSxvQkFBb0IsRUFBRSxtQkFBbUIsQ0FBQztJQUM3YUMsaUJBQWlCLEVBQUUsQ0FDakIsNkJBQTZCLEVBQzdCLHdCQUF3QixFQUN4QixjQUFjLEVBQ2QsNEJBQTRCLEVBQzVCLCtCQUErQixFQUMvQixpQkFBaUIsRUFDakIsZUFBZSxFQUNmLG1CQUFtQixFQUNuQixtQkFBbUIsRUFDbkIsd0JBQXdCLEVBQ3hCLDBCQUEwQixFQUMxQixvQkFBb0IsRUFDcEIscUJBQXFCLEVBQ3JCLHdCQUF3QixFQUN4QixzQkFBc0IsRUFDdEIsc0JBQXNCLEVBQ3RCLGNBQWMsRUFDZCxvQkFBb0IsRUFDcEIsMkJBQTJCLENBQzVCO0lBQ0RDLFFBQVEsRUFBRTtNQUNSQyxPQUFPLEVBQUUsNGlCQUE0aUI7TUFDcmpCQyxPQUFPLEVBQUUsNldBQTZXO01BQ3RYQyxTQUFTLEVBQUU7SUFDYjtFQUNGLENBQUMsRUFDRDtJQUNFaEIsRUFBRSxFQUFFLENBQUM7SUFDTE8sVUFBVSxFQUFFLDRpQkFBNGlCO0lBQ3hqQkMsU0FBUyxFQUFFLFFBQVE7SUFDbkJDLFdBQVcsRUFBRSxDQUNYLG04UUFBbThRLENBQ3A4UTtJQUNEQyxLQUFLLEVBQUUsaVVBQWlVO0lBQ3hVQyxnQkFBZ0IsRUFBRSxDQUFDLG9CQUFvQixFQUFFLGtCQUFrQixFQUFFLG9CQUFvQixFQUFFLG9CQUFvQixFQUFFLGlDQUFpQyxFQUFFLDRDQUE0QyxFQUFFLDBCQUEwQixFQUFFLGlDQUFpQyxFQUFFLE1BQU0sRUFBRSxpQkFBaUIsRUFBRSxrQkFBa0IsRUFBRSxzQkFBc0IsRUFBRSwyQkFBMkIsRUFBRSxtQkFBbUIsRUFBRSxzQkFBc0IsRUFBRSwwQkFBMEIsRUFBRSx1QkFBdUIsRUFBRSwwQkFBMEIsRUFBRSx3QkFBd0IsRUFBRSwyQkFBMkIsQ0FBQztJQUNqaEJDLGlCQUFpQixFQUFFLENBQ2pCLG9CQUFvQixFQUNwQixrQkFBa0IsRUFDbEIsb0JBQW9CLEVBQ3BCLCtCQUErQixFQUMvQixpQ0FBaUMsRUFDakMsNENBQTRDLEVBQzVDLDBCQUEwQixFQUMxQixpQ0FBaUMsRUFDakMsY0FBYyxFQUNkLDhCQUE4QixFQUM5Qiw2QkFBNkIsRUFDN0IsMkJBQTJCLEVBQzNCLGdDQUFnQyxFQUNoQyxzQkFBc0IsRUFDdEIscUNBQXFDLEVBQ3JDLHVCQUF1QixFQUN2QiwwQkFBMEIsRUFDMUIsMkJBQTJCLEVBQzNCLDZCQUE2QixDQUM5QjtJQUNEQyxRQUFRLEVBQUU7TUFDUkMsT0FBTyxFQUFFLG1sQkFBbWxCO01BQzVsQkMsT0FBTyxFQUFFLHVZQUF1WTtNQUNoWkMsU0FBUyxFQUFFO0lBQ2I7RUFDRixDQUFDLEVBQ0Q7SUFDRWhCLEVBQUUsRUFBRSxDQUFDO0lBQ0xPLFVBQVUsRUFBRSxtbEJBQW1sQjtJQUMvbEJDLFNBQVMsRUFBRSxVQUFVO0lBQ3JCQyxXQUFXLEVBQUUsQ0FDWCxpdVNBQWl1UyxDQUNsdVM7SUFDREMsS0FBSyxFQUFFLDJVQUEyVTtJQUNsVkMsZ0JBQWdCLEVBQUUsQ0FBQywwQkFBMEIsRUFBRSxpQkFBaUIsRUFBRSxhQUFhLEVBQUUsZUFBZSxFQUFFLGVBQWUsRUFBRSxpQkFBaUIsRUFBRSxlQUFlLEVBQUUsZ0JBQWdCLEVBQUUsYUFBYSxFQUFFLGdDQUFnQyxFQUFFLHNCQUFzQixFQUFFLG1CQUFtQixFQUFFLDBCQUEwQixFQUFFLHNCQUFzQixFQUFFLG1CQUFtQixFQUFFLG1CQUFtQixFQUFFLGNBQWMsRUFBRSxrQkFBa0IsRUFBRSxlQUFlLEVBQUUsMEJBQTBCLENBQUM7SUFDcmJFLFFBQVEsRUFBRTtNQUNSQyxPQUFPLEVBQUUsbW1CQUFtbUI7TUFDNW1CQyxPQUFPLEVBQUUsc2JBQXNiO01BQy9iQyxTQUFTLEVBQUU7SUFDYjtFQUNGLENBQUMsRUFDRjtJQUNHaEIsRUFBRSxFQUFFLENBQUM7SUFDTE8sVUFBVSxFQUFFLG1tQkFBbW1CO0lBQy9tQkMsU0FBUyxFQUFFLFFBQVE7SUFDbkJDLFdBQVcsRUFBRSxDQUNYLGtyVkFBa3JWLENBQ25yVjtJQUNEQyxLQUFLLEVBQUUsNFRBQTRUO0lBQ25VQyxnQkFBZ0IsRUFBRSxDQUFDLGtCQUFrQixFQUFFLGNBQWMsRUFBRSwyQkFBMkIsRUFBRSwwQkFBMEIsRUFBRSxLQUFLLEVBQUUseUJBQXlCLEVBQUUsWUFBWSxFQUFFLG9CQUFvQixFQUFFLE1BQU0sRUFBRSw0QkFBNEIsRUFBRSw4QkFBOEIsRUFBRSwwQkFBMEIsRUFBRSxzQkFBc0IsRUFBRSxlQUFlLEVBQUUsdUJBQXVCLEVBQUUsdUJBQXVCLEVBQUUscUJBQXFCLEVBQUUseUJBQXlCLEVBQUUsbUJBQW1CLEVBQUUseUJBQXlCLENBQUM7SUFDcGRDLGlCQUFpQixFQUFFLENBQ2pCLGtCQUFrQixFQUNsQiwyQkFBMkIsRUFDM0IsMEJBQTBCLEVBQzFCLHlCQUF5QixFQUN6QixnQkFBZ0IsRUFDaEIsb0JBQW9CLEVBQ3BCLDhCQUE4QixFQUM5Qiw0QkFBNEIsRUFDNUIsOEJBQThCLEVBQzlCLDBCQUEwQixFQUMxQixtQ0FBbUMsRUFDbkMsZUFBZSxFQUNmLHVCQUF1QixFQUN2Qix1QkFBdUIsRUFDdkIsaUNBQWlDLEVBQ2pDLG9DQUFvQyxFQUNwQyw0QkFBNEIsRUFDNUIsd0JBQXdCLEVBQ3hCLHlCQUF5QixFQUN6Qiw4QkFBOEIsQ0FDL0I7SUFDREMsUUFBUSxFQUFFO01BQ1JDLE9BQU8sRUFBRSwwa0JBQTBrQjtNQUNubEJDLE9BQU8sRUFBRSxpY0FBaWM7TUFDMWNDLFNBQVMsRUFBRTtJQUNiO0VBQ0YsQ0FBQyxFQUNEO0lBQ0VoQixFQUFFLEVBQUUsQ0FBQztJQUNMTyxVQUFVLEVBQUUsMGtCQUEwa0I7SUFDdGxCQyxTQUFTLEVBQUUsVUFBVTtJQUNyQkMsV0FBVyxFQUFFLENBQ1gsNG5VQUE0blUsQ0FDN25VO0lBQ0RDLEtBQUssRUFBRSxvVUFBb1U7SUFDM1VDLGdCQUFnQixFQUFFLENBQUMsMEJBQTBCLEVBQUUsZ0JBQWdCLEVBQUUsMEJBQTBCLEVBQUUsbUJBQW1CLEVBQUUsc0JBQXNCLEVBQUUsbUJBQW1CLEVBQUUsbUJBQW1CLEVBQUUsMkJBQTJCLEVBQUUsWUFBWSxFQUFFLG9CQUFvQixFQUFFLHdCQUF3QixFQUFFLHVCQUF1QixFQUFFLHFCQUFxQixFQUFFLGtCQUFrQixFQUFFLDJCQUEyQixFQUFFLG1CQUFtQixFQUFFLHdCQUF3QixFQUFFLHdCQUF3QixFQUFFLG9CQUFvQixFQUFFLGtCQUFrQixDQUFDO0lBQ2xlRSxRQUFRLEVBQUU7TUFDUkMsT0FBTyxFQUFFLHVnQkFBdWdCO01BQ2hoQkMsT0FBTyxFQUFFLG1aQUFtWjtNQUM1WkMsU0FBUyxFQUFFO0lBQ2I7RUFDRixDQUFDLEVBQ0Q7SUFDRWhCLEVBQUUsRUFBRSxDQUFDO0lBQ0xPLFVBQVUsRUFBRSx1Z0JBQXVnQjtJQUNuaEJDLFNBQVMsRUFBRSxRQUFRO0lBQ25CQyxXQUFXLEVBQUUsQ0FDWCxxalZBQXFqVixDQUN0alY7SUFDREMsS0FBSyxFQUFFLDBSQUEwUjtJQUNqU0MsZ0JBQWdCLEVBQUUsQ0FBQyxpQkFBaUIsRUFBRSxtQkFBbUIsRUFBRSxlQUFlLEVBQUUsY0FBYyxFQUFFLDRCQUE0QixFQUFFLHdCQUF3QixFQUFFLGtCQUFrQixFQUFFLGVBQWUsRUFBRSwwQkFBMEIsRUFBRSxjQUFjLEVBQUUscUJBQXFCLEVBQUUsaUJBQWlCLEVBQUUsc0JBQXNCLEVBQUUsMEJBQTBCLEVBQUUsbUJBQW1CLEVBQUUseUJBQXlCLEVBQUUsZ0JBQWdCLEVBQUUsZUFBZSxFQUFFLDJCQUEyQixFQUFFLG1CQUFtQixDQUFDO0lBQ3ZjQyxpQkFBaUIsRUFBRSxDQUNqQiw4QkFBOEIsRUFDOUIsbUJBQW1CLEVBQ25CLHNCQUFzQixFQUN0QixzQkFBc0IsRUFDdEIsNEJBQTRCLEVBQzVCLHdCQUF3QixFQUN4QixrQkFBa0IsRUFDbEIsZUFBZSxFQUNmLDBCQUEwQixFQUMxQixzQkFBc0IsRUFDdEIscUJBQXFCLEVBQ3JCLGlCQUFpQixFQUNqQixnQ0FBZ0MsRUFDaEMsMEJBQTBCLEVBQzFCLG1CQUFtQixFQUNuQix5QkFBeUIsRUFDekIsaUJBQWlCLEVBQ2pCLHVCQUF1QixFQUN2QixzQ0FBc0MsRUFDdEMseUJBQXlCLENBQzFCO0lBQ0RDLFFBQVEsRUFBRTtNQUNSQyxPQUFPLEVBQUUsbWdCQUFtZ0I7TUFDNWdCQyxPQUFPLEVBQUUsd1dBQXdXO01BQ2pYQyxTQUFTLEVBQUU7SUFDYjtFQUNGLENBQUMsQ0FDRjtFQUNEQyxpQkFBaUIsRUFBRSxxNEJBQXE0QjtFQUN4NUJDLGtCQUFrQixFQUFFLENBQ2xCLDJFQUEyRSxFQUMzRSxvRUFBb0UsRUFDcEUseUVBQXlFLEVBQ3pFLGdGQUFnRixFQUNoRixrRUFBa0UsRUFDbEUsd0VBQXdFLEVBQ3hFLDBFQUEwRSxFQUMxRSx3RUFBd0UsQ0FDekU7RUFDREMsT0FBTyxFQUFFO0lBQ1BDLE1BQU0sRUFBRSxDQUNOLDZGQUE2RixFQUM3Rix3RkFBd0YsRUFDeEYsZ0ZBQWdGLEVBQ2hGLHdEQUF3RCxFQUN4RCxtRUFBbUUsRUFDbkUsd0VBQXdFLEVBQ3hFLDBFQUEwRTtFQUU5RTtBQUNGLENBQUM7QUFBQSxJQUFBQyxRQUFBLEdBQUFDLE9BQUEsQ0FBQUMsT0FBQSxHQUNjMUIsMkJBQTJCIiwiaWdub3JlTGlzdCI6W119