aa54585bf28687a7c6ce28fad667b7a6
Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", {
  value: true
});
exports.default = void 0;
function cov_gd91ljbdk() {
  var path = "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C2\\scenarios\\theoreticalPhysics.js";
  var hash = "9d3a007726328b2e895c9f30f1984c5aa8fbe220";
  var global = new Function("return this")();
  var gcv = "__coverage__";
  var coverageData = {
    path: "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C2\\scenarios\\theoreticalPhysics.js",
    statementMap: {
      "0": {
        start: {
          line: 3,
          column: 27
        },
        end: {
          line: 190,
          column: 1
        }
      }
    },
    fnMap: {},
    branchMap: {},
    s: {
      "0": 0
    },
    f: {},
    b: {},
    _coverageSchema: "1a1c01bbd47fc00a2c39e90264f33305004495a9",
    hash: "9d3a007726328b2e895c9f30f1984c5aa8fbe220"
  };
  var coverage = global[gcv] || (global[gcv] = {});
  if (!coverage[path] || coverage[path].hash !== hash) {
    coverage[path] = coverageData;
  }
  var actualCoverage = coverage[path];
  {
    cov_gd91ljbdk = function () {
      return actualCoverage;
    };
  }
  return actualCoverage;
}
cov_gd91ljbdk();
var theoreticalPhysics = (cov_gd91ljbdk().s[0]++, {
  id: 1,
  title: "Theoretical Physics",
  level: "C2",
  description: "Engage in a sophisticated discussion on theoretical physics, demonstrating mastery of advanced scientific concepts, ability to navigate competing theories, evaluate empirical evidence, articulate complex mathematical relationships, and communicate abstract multidimensional concepts with exceptional precision and clarity.",
  estimatedTime: "35-40 minutes",
  vocabulary: ["quantum entanglement", "spacetime curvature", "supersymmetry", "Higgs mechanism", "renormalization", "quantum field theory", "gravitational singularity", "wave-particle duality", "multiverse hypothesis", "theoretical framework", "gauge invariance", "symmetry breaking", "eigenstate", "probabilistic interpretation", "relativistic effects", "quantum gravity", "spontaneous symmetry breaking", "string theory", "Hamiltonian", "dark energy", "grand unified theory", "fermion", "boson", "quantum chromodynamics", "quantum electrodynamics"],
  steps: [{
    id: 1,
    botMessage: "Welcome to our theoretical physics seminar on recent developments in quantum gravity. As we explore the challenges of reconciling quantum mechanics with general relativity, I'd like to start our discussion with a fundamental question: Could you evaluate the current status of string theory as a potential framework for quantum gravity, addressing both its theoretical elegance and the persistent challenges regarding experimental verification?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["String theory remains one of the most mathematically sophisticated frameworks for potentially unifying quantum mechanics and general relativity, though its status exhibits a fascinating tension between its theoretical virtues and experimental limitations. From a theoretical perspective, string theory offers several compelling features that have sustained interest despite significant challenges. First, it naturally incorporates gravity alongside the other fundamental forces within a consistent quantum framework—a remarkable achievement given the notorious difficulties in quantizing gravity using conventional quantum field theory approaches. The theory elegantly resolves the ultraviolet divergences that plague quantum field theory treatments of gravity by replacing point particles with one-dimensional extended objects (strings), whose finite size provides a natural regularization mechanism at the Planck scale. Furthermore, string theory demonstrates remarkable mathematical coherence, with apparent inconsistencies often resolving themselves through various duality relationships, suggesting an underlying structure of considerable depth. The discovery that the theory necessarily incorporates higher-dimensional objects (branes) has further enriched its mathematical framework and explanatory potential. However, these theoretical virtues must be weighed against persistent challenges regarding experimental verification. The characteristic energy scale of string theory—the string tension—is typically placed near the Planck energy (approximately 10^19 GeV), which exceeds current experimental capabilities by roughly 15 orders of magnitude. This creates a seemingly insurmountable gap between theoretical development and empirical testing, challenging the traditional scientific methodology where experimental verification guides theoretical refinement. The theory's requirement for additional spatial dimensions (typically 6 or 7 beyond our observed 3+1 spacetime) introduces further complications, as these dimensions must be compactified in a way that reproduces the Standard Model at low energies. The vast 'landscape' of possible compactifications—estimated at 10^500 or more distinct vacuum configurations—creates a troubling degree of theoretical flexibility, allowing the theory to potentially accommodate almost any low-energy phenomenology and thereby reducing its predictive power. Recent approaches have attempted to bridge this experimental gap through various means: seeking distinctive signatures in cosmological data (such as specific patterns in the cosmic microwave background that might reflect stringy physics during inflation), exploring potential deviations from general relativity in gravitational wave signals, and examining consequences for precision particle physics measurements. Additionally, theoretical developments like the AdS/CFT correspondence have provided unexpected connections to experimentally accessible systems in condensed matter physics, potentially offering indirect tests of string-theoretic principles. However, none of these approaches has yet yielded conclusive evidence specifically supporting string theory over alternative quantum gravity frameworks. This persistent experimental elusiveness has prompted philosophical discussions about the nature of scientific methodology in regimes where direct empirical testing may be fundamentally limited by technological or physical constraints. The situation raises profound questions about whether traditional verification criteria should be modified for theories attempting to describe physics at the most fundamental scales, or whether we should refocus efforts on alternative frameworks with more direct experimental implications. In evaluating string theory's current status, one must acknowledge both its remarkable mathematical coherence and the legitimate concerns regarding its empirical testability—a tension that reflects broader methodological challenges at the frontiers of theoretical physics.", "String theory occupies a unique position in contemporary theoretical physics—simultaneously representing one of our most sophisticated mathematical frameworks for quantum gravity while facing profound challenges regarding its experimental verification and ultimate physical significance. To properly evaluate its current status, we must consider both its theoretical achievements and persistent limitations. From a theoretical perspective, string theory offers several compelling features. Most fundamentally, it provides a consistent framework incorporating both quantum mechanics and gravity—a significant achievement given the well-known conflicts between general relativity and quantum field theory. By replacing point particles with one-dimensional extended objects (strings), the theory naturally regularizes the ultraviolet divergences that plague quantum field theoretic approaches to gravity. Additionally, the theory demonstrates remarkable mathematical coherence and self-consistency. What initially appeared as five distinct string theories are now understood as different limiting cases of a more fundamental framework (M-theory), connected through various duality relationships. This unexpected interconnectedness suggests an underlying mathematical structure of considerable depth and elegance. String theory also naturally incorporates features like supersymmetry, higher dimensions, and gauge interactions that have independent theoretical motivations. However, these theoretical virtues must be counterbalanced against substantial challenges. Most significantly, the experimental verification of string theory remains elusive. The characteristic energy scale at which stringy effects would become directly observable—approximately the Planck energy (10^19 GeV)—exceeds current experimental capabilities by roughly 15 orders of magnitude. While early proponents hoped for 'low-energy signatures' that might be detectable at accessible energies, these have generally not materialized. For instance, the Large Hadron Collider has not detected supersymmetric particles, extra dimensions, or microscopic black holes that some string scenarios suggested might be observable. The theory's requirement for additional spatial dimensions (typically 6 or 7 beyond our observed 3+1 spacetime) creates further complications. These dimensions must be compactified in specific configurations to reproduce the Standard Model at low energies, but the vast 'landscape' of possible compactifications—estimated at 10^500 or more distinct vacuum states—severely undermines the theory's predictive power. This 'landscape problem' raises troubling questions about whether string theory can make definitive predictions about our particular universe. More recently, the theory has faced increasing competition from alternative quantum gravity approaches, including loop quantum gravity, causal set theory, asymptotic safety, and causal dynamical triangulation, which adopt different methodological approaches to the quantum gravity problem. Some of these alternatives maintain closer connections to empirically established physics or suggest potentially observable phenomena at more accessible energy scales. Nevertheless, string theory continues to stimulate important theoretical developments, such as the AdS/CFT correspondence, which has provided unexpected connections between gravitational physics and quantum field theories with applications in condensed matter physics and quantum information. This represents a different form of 'empirical' connection than direct experimental verification, potentially offering indirect tests of string-theoretic principles. In evaluating string theory's current status, we must acknowledge both its profound mathematical insights and its persistent empirical challenges—a tension that reflects broader methodological questions about how science should proceed at the limits of experimental accessibility. The theory remains a remarkable intellectual achievement, regardless of whether it ultimately describes the physical world, while its continued development has stimulated important advances in mathematics, quantum field theory, and theoretical physics more broadly.", "Evaluating the current status of string theory as a framework for quantum gravity requires analyzing both its substantial theoretical achievements and its persistent empirical challenges—a tension that reflects broader methodological questions in fundamental physics. From a theoretical perspective, string theory offers several distinctive advantages. Foremost among these is its capacity to incorporate gravity within a consistent quantum mechanical framework—a significant achievement considering the notorious difficulties in quantizing gravity using conventional quantum field theory approaches. By postulating one-dimensional extended objects (strings) as the fundamental entities, rather than point particles, string theory naturally resolves the ultraviolet divergences that plague quantum field theoretic treatments of gravity. The finite size of strings effectively provides a physical cutoff at the Planck scale, regularizing the infinities that emerge when point particles interact gravitationally. Additionally, string theory demonstrates remarkable mathematical self-consistency and interconnectedness. The five apparently distinct superstring theories formulated in the 1980s are now understood as different limiting cases of a more comprehensive framework (M-theory), connected through various duality relationships. This unexpected convergence suggests an underlying mathematical structure of considerable sophistication. Furthermore, the theory naturally accommodates gauge interactions similar to those in the Standard Model, incorporates supersymmetry (which has independent theoretical motivations), and suggests intriguing mechanisms for understanding black hole entropy through precise microstate counting. However, these theoretical virtues must be weighed against significant empirical challenges. Most prominently, string theory has struggled to make contact with experimental physics. The characteristic energy scale at which distinctively stringy phenomena would become directly observable—typically placed near the Planck energy (approximately 10^19 GeV)—exceeds current experimental capabilities by roughly 15 orders of magnitude. This creates a formidable gap between theoretical development and empirical testing, challenging the traditional scientific methodology where experimental verification guides theoretical refinement. The theory's requirement for additional spatial dimensions (typically 6 or 7 beyond our observed 3+1 spacetime) introduces further complications. These dimensions must be compactified in particular configurations to reproduce Standard Model physics at low energies. However, the vast 'landscape' of possible compactifications—estimated at 10^500 distinct vacuum configurations—creates a troubling degree of theoretical flexibility, allowing the theory to accommodate almost any low-energy phenomenology and thereby undermining its predictive specificity. This 'landscape problem' raises profound questions about whether string theory can make definitive predictions about our particular universe without additional selection principles. More recently, string theory has faced increasing competition from alternative approaches to quantum gravity, including loop quantum gravity, causal set theory, and asymptotic safety, which adopt different methodological approaches to the reconciliation of quantum mechanics and general relativity. Some of these alternatives maintain closer connections to empirically established physics or suggest potentially observable phenomena at more accessible energy scales. Nevertheless, string theory continues to stimulate important theoretical developments. The AdS/CFT correspondence, for instance, provides a concrete realization of the holographic principle and has established unexpected connections between gravitational physics and quantum field theories with applications ranging from quark-gluon plasma physics to condensed matter systems. These developments represent a different form of 'empirical' connection than direct experimental verification, potentially offering indirect tests of string-theoretic principles. In evaluating string theory's current status, we must acknowledge both its mathematical sophistication and its persistent empirical challenges—a tension that reflects broader methodological questions about how science should proceed when investigating regimes where direct experimental testing may be fundamentally limited by technological or physical constraints."],
    hints: "Evaluate string theory as a framework for quantum gravity, analyzing its theoretical strengths and limitations regarding experimental verification, with sophisticated understanding of advanced physics concepts.",
    expectedKeywords: ["string theory", "quantum gravity", "theoretical", "experimental verification", "dimensions", "mathematical", "unification", "Planck scale", "landscape problem", "duality", "supersymmetry", "M-theory", "empirical", "predictive power"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that nuanced evaluation of string theory. You've articulated both its theoretical elegance and experimental challenges with impressive clarity. Building on this discussion, let's explore another approach to quantum gravity. How would you compare loop quantum gravity with string theory in terms of their foundational assumptions about spacetime, their mathematical frameworks, and their respective prospects for experimental verification?",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of string theory. Could you develop your analysis further by more explicitly addressing both the theoretical strengths that have sustained interest in the theory and the specific challenges it faces regarding experimental verification?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating string theory as a framework for quantum gravity, specifically addressing both its theoretical advantages and the persistent challenges regarding experimental verification."
    }
  }, {
    id: 2,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that nuanced evaluation of string theory. You've articulated both its theoretical elegance and experimental challenges with impressive clarity. Building on this discussion, let's explore another approach to quantum gravity. How would you compare loop quantum gravity with string theory in terms of their foundational assumptions about spacetime, their mathematical frameworks, and their respective prospects for experimental verification?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Loop quantum gravity (LQG) and string theory represent profoundly different conceptual approaches to quantum gravity, diverging in their foundational assumptions about spacetime, mathematical methodologies, and potential experimental signatures. These differences reflect not merely technical disagreements but fundamentally distinct philosophical perspectives on how to reconcile quantum mechanics with general relativity. Regarding foundational assumptions about spacetime, the contrast is particularly striking. String theory adopts what might be called a 'geometrization of matter' approach, maintaining a continuous background spacetime (albeit with additional dimensions) and introducing extended objects (strings and branes) whose vibrational modes generate the fundamental particles and forces—including gravity through the graviton. The theory essentially begins with a smooth manifold structure and derives quantum gravitational effects from the dynamics of strings propagating on this background. Loop quantum gravity, conversely, pursues a direct 'quantization of geometry' strategy. It begins with Einstein's insight that gravity is geometry and applies quantum principles directly to the structure of spacetime itself, without presuming a background manifold. In LQG, spacetime is fundamentally discrete at the Planck scale, composed of quantum excitations of gravitational fields represented by spin networks and spin foams. These networks encode geometric quantities like area and volume as fundamentally quantized entities, with spectra of discrete eigenvalues—a dramatic departure from the continuous spacetime assumed in classical theories and string theory. This distinction reflects different responses to the background independence of general relativity: string theory effectively compromises background independence for quantum consistency, while LQG maintains background independence as a core principle at the potential cost of greater technical challenges in recovering conventional quantum field theory. The mathematical frameworks of these approaches are similarly divergent. String theory employs sophisticated mathematical structures from conformal field theory, complex manifolds, algebraic geometry, and group theory, framed predominantly within the paradigm of perturbative quantum field theory (though with significant non-perturbative extensions through D-branes, M-theory, and AdS/CFT). Its mathematics often draws from and contributes to cutting-edge pure mathematics, establishing unexpected connections between previously disparate fields. Loop quantum gravity, meanwhile, utilizes a distinctive mathematical apparatus centered on non-perturbative techniques from gauge theory, including holonomies, spin networks, and group-theoretic methods adapted from lattice gauge theory. Unlike string theory's perturbative expansion around a fixed background, LQG employs canonical quantization techniques applied directly to the gravitational field, resulting in the Wheeler-DeWitt equation and its refinements. The mathematical approaches reflect different strategies: string theory often works 'top-down,' beginning with a unified framework and attempting to recover low-energy physics, while LQG proceeds more 'bottom-up,' starting from established physics and extending quantization techniques to gravity specifically. Regarding experimental prospects, both theories face formidable challenges given the Planck-scale energies typically associated with quantum gravity effects, though their potential observational signatures differ significantly. String theory's experimental prospects have traditionally focused on indirect consequences of its additional theoretical features, such as supersymmetry, extra dimensions, or specific cosmic string configurations that might leave imprints on cosmological observations or particle physics experiments. The absence of supersymmetric particles at the LHC has already constrained some string scenarios, though more exotic variants remain viable. Loop quantum gravity, with its prediction of fundamentally discrete spacetime, suggests potentially different observational consequences. These include modified dispersion relations for light traveling across cosmological distances (potentially observable in gamma-ray burst timing), distinctive signatures in the cosmic microwave background from quantum gravitational effects during inflation, and specific predictions for black hole thermodynamics that might eventually be testable through precision observations of black hole systems. Some variants of LQG, particularly loop quantum cosmology, make predictions about the early universe, suggesting a 'big bounce' rather than a big bang singularity—potentially testable through detailed observations of primordial gravitational waves. In comparing their broader scientific status, string theory has traditionally enjoyed wider adoption within the theoretical physics community, particularly in the United States, leading to more extensive development of its mathematical framework and phenomenological implications. Loop quantum gravity has maintained a smaller but dedicated research community, with particular strength in Europe and Canada. This sociological disparity has sometimes obscured genuine complementarities between the approaches, as each has developed techniques that might ultimately benefit the other in the quest for a complete theory of quantum gravity.", "Loop quantum gravity (LQG) and string theory represent conceptually distinct approaches to quantum gravity that differ fundamentally in their treatment of spacetime, mathematical formulations, and potential experimental signatures. These differences reflect not merely technical distinctions but divergent philosophical perspectives on the reconciliation of quantum mechanics and general relativity. Concerning their foundational assumptions about spacetime, the contrast is particularly profound. String theory largely maintains the concept of spacetime as a continuous background manifold (albeit with additional dimensions), treating gravity as arising from the dynamics of extended objects (strings and branes) propagating through this pre-existing spacetime. The graviton—a particular vibrational mode of the string—mediates the gravitational force, similar to how force carriers function in the Standard Model. This approach effectively 'geometrizes matter' by deriving particle properties from geometric configurations while maintaining a background spacetime structure. Loop quantum gravity, conversely, directly 'quantizes geometry' itself. Following Einstein's insight that gravity is not a force but the manifestation of spacetime curvature, LQG applies quantum principles directly to the gravitational field, leading to a fundamentally discrete spacetime at the Planck scale. In this framework, spacetime is not a continuous stage upon which physics unfolds but emerges from quantum gravitational degrees of freedom represented mathematically as spin networks and spin foams. These structures encode geometric quantities like area and volume as operators with discrete spectra—a direct quantum manifestation of spacetime geometry. This approach prioritizes the background independence of general relativity, maintaining that quantum gravity should not presuppose a fixed spacetime background. Their mathematical frameworks reflect these conceptual differences. String theory employs an extensive mathematical apparatus drawn from conformal field theory, complex manifolds, algebraic geometry, and supersymmetry, predominantly working within a perturbative framework (though with significant non-perturbative extensions through D-branes and M-theory). The mathematical structure often begins with quantum mechanics and attempts to incorporate gravity consistently, typically requiring additional theoretical features like supersymmetry and extra dimensions for mathematical consistency. Loop quantum gravity utilizes a different mathematical formalism based on canonical quantization of the gravitational field using Ashtekar variables, holonomies, and spin networks. This approach begins with general relativity's Hamiltonian formulation and applies quantization techniques specifically adapted to preserve diffeomorphism invariance—the fundamental symmetry of general relativity. The resulting quantum geometry is described by states corresponding to discrete excitations of the gravitational field, with explicit expressions for geometrical operators like area and volume that exhibit discrete spectra. Regarding experimental prospects, both theories face significant challenges given the enormous energies typically associated with quantum gravitational effects, though their potential observational signatures differ. String theory has traditionally focused on indirect tests through its additional theoretical features: detecting supersymmetric particles, observing consequences of extra dimensions, or identifying cosmic strings in cosmological data. While searches for these phenomena have thus far yielded negative results (notably the absence of supersymmetric particles at the LHC), various string scenarios remain viable by placing these features beyond current experimental reach. Loop quantum gravity, with its prediction of discrete spacetime, suggests different potential observational consequences. These include modified dispersion relations for light traveling across cosmological distances (potentially observable in gamma-ray burst signals), distinctive signatures in the cosmic microwave background from quantum gravitational effects in the early universe, and specific corrections to black hole thermodynamics. Loop quantum cosmology—an application of LQG techniques to cosmological models—suggests the possibility of a 'big bounce' replacing the classical big bang singularity, potentially leaving imprints on primordial gravitational waves that future precision measurements might detect. In evaluating their comparative status, it's worth noting that string theory has traditionally enjoyed broader adoption within the theoretical physics community, leading to more extensive development of its mathematical framework and phenomenological implications. Loop quantum gravity, while commanding a smaller research community, has made significant technical progress in developing a rigorous mathematical foundation for quantum geometry. The continued parallel development of these approaches remains valuable, as each provides distinctive insights into the quantum gravity problem that may ultimately prove complementary rather than contradictory.", "Loop quantum gravity (LQG) and string theory represent fundamentally distinct approaches to the quantum gravity problem..."],
    hints: "Compare loop quantum gravity with string theory in terms of their foundational assumptions about spacetime, mathematical frameworks, and prospects for experimental verification, demonstrating sophisticated understanding of both theories.",
    expectedKeywords: ["loop quantum gravity", "string theory", "spacetime", "discrete", "continuous", "background independence", "mathematical framework", "experimental verification", "quantum geometry", "spin networks", "holonomy", "perturbative", "non-perturbative", "canonical quantization"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["foundational assumptions", "background independence", "discrete spacetime", "continuous manifold", "mathematical framework", "experimental verification", "quantum geometry", "spin networks", "canonical quantization", "diffeomorphism invariance", "perturbative approach", "non-perturbative methods"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your comparative analysis of loop quantum gravity and string theory is exceptionally well-articulated. You've demonstrated a sophisticated understanding of both approaches. Let's now explore the interface between theory and observation. What would you consider the most promising avenues for observational evidence of quantum gravity effects, and how might such observations help us discriminate between competing theoretical frameworks?",
      partial: "You've made some good points about loop quantum gravity and string theory. Could you develop your comparison further by more explicitly addressing their foundational assumptions about spacetime, their different mathematical approaches, and their respective prospects for experimental verification?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on comparing loop quantum gravity with string theory specifically in terms of their foundational assumptions about spacetime, their mathematical frameworks, and their respective prospects for experimental verification."
    }
  }, {
    id: 3,
    botMessage: "Your comparative analysis of loop quantum gravity and string theory is exceptionally well-articulated. You've demonstrated a sophisticated understanding of both approaches. Let's now explore the interface between theory and observation. What would you consider the most promising avenues for observational evidence of quantum gravity effects, and how might such observations help us discriminate between competing theoretical frameworks?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The quest for observational evidence of quantum gravity effects represents one of the most formidable challenges in modern physics, given the enormous energy gap between accessible experiments and the characteristic Planck scale (10^19 GeV) where quantum gravitational phenomena should become directly observable. Nevertheless, several promising avenues have emerged that might provide indirect evidence of quantum gravitational effects and potentially help discriminate between competing theoretical frameworks. Cosmic messengers from high-energy astrophysical phenomena offer one of the most promising approaches. High-energy cosmic rays, gamma-ray bursts (GRBs), and gravitational waves can traverse enormous cosmic distances, potentially accumulating detectable quantum gravity effects during their propagation. Particularly noteworthy are searches for energy-dependent velocity dispersion in gamma-ray bursts. Some quantum gravity approaches, including certain formulations of loop quantum gravity and quantum spacetime models, predict tiny violations of Lorentz invariance that would cause photons of different energies to travel at slightly different speeds through the quantum vacuum. Given the enormous distances involved (often billions of light-years), these minute effects could accumulate to produce potentially measurable time delays between the arrival of high-energy and low-energy photons from gamma-ray bursts. Observatories like the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope have already placed significant constraints on such effects, though definitive evidence remains elusive. Importantly, different quantum gravity theories predict different magnitudes and energy-dependencies for these dispersion relations, potentially allowing observations to discriminate between theoretical approaches. Gravitational wave astronomy represents another revolutionary observational window. The direct detection of gravitational waves by LIGO/Virgo has already confirmed a key classical prediction of general relativity. Future space-based detectors like LISA may achieve sufficient sensitivity to detect deviations from classical general relativity in the gravitational waveforms of inspiraling black holes or neutron stars. These deviations could arise from quantum modifications to the gravitational field equations, with different theoretical frameworks predicting distinct corrections. String theory, loop quantum gravity, and other approaches generally predict different modifications to the classical gravitational wave signals, though discerning these subtle effects would require tremendous instrumental precision and sophisticated waveform modeling. Cosmological observations offer another promising avenue, as the early universe likely experienced conditions where quantum gravitational effects were significant. The cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation—particularly its polarization patterns and primordial tensor modes—may contain imprints of quantum gravitational processes during the inflationary epoch. Different quantum gravity theories suggest distinct modifications to the inflationary dynamics: loop quantum cosmology predicts a characteristic bounce replacing the big bang singularity with potentially observable consequences for the CMB power spectrum, while string theory-inspired models suggest specific patterns of primordial non-Gaussianity or characteristic tensor mode signatures. Missions like LiteBIRD and ground-based CMB observatories aim to provide increasingly precise measurements that might reveal these subtle quantum gravity signatures. Black hole physics provides yet another interface between theory and observation. The thermodynamic properties of black holes—most notably Hawking radiation and black hole entropy—represent a crucial testing ground for quantum gravity theories, which must reproduce Hawking's semi-classical results in appropriate limits while providing a fundamental explanation for black hole microstates. Recent observational advances, including the Event Horizon Telescope's imaging of black hole shadows and gravitational wave detections of black hole mergers, provide unprecedented empirical access to strong-field gravitational regimes. While current observations remain within the classical domain, future precision measurements might reveal quantum corrections to black hole properties, potentially discriminating between theoretical approaches that predict different quantum structures for black hole horizons. Laboratory-based experiments, while perhaps less likely to directly access Planck-scale physics, offer complementary approaches through precision measurements. These include tests of the gravitational force at short distances to search for deviations from the inverse-square law, which might indicate extra dimensions or other modifications predicted by certain quantum gravity frameworks; precision interferometry experiments searching for holographic noise or other quantum fluctuations of spacetime; and analog gravity systems that simulate aspects of quantum field theory in curved spacetime using condensed matter systems like Bose-Einstein condensates or optical lattices. These different observational avenues complement each other, potentially constraining different aspects of quantum gravity theories. Most significantly, they could help discriminate between competing frameworks through their distinctive predictions. For instance, discovering Lorentz invariance violations with specific energy dependence would favor certain loop quantum gravity or quantum spacetime models over most string theory formulations, which generally preserve Lorentz invariance. Conversely, evidence for extra dimensions or supersymmetric particles would substantially strengthen the case for string theory approaches. Ultimately, progress will likely require combining multiple observational strategies, developing more refined predictions from theoretical frameworks, and maintaining methodological openness to unexpected empirical clues that might guide us toward the correct quantum theory of gravity—potentially through avenues not yet imagined.", "Observing quantum gravitational effects presents extraordinary challenges given the characteristic Planck scale (approximately 10^19 GeV) where such phenomena become directly relevant—a scale currently inaccessible to experimental physics by at least 15 orders of magnitude. Nevertheless, several promising observational avenues have emerged that might provide indirect evidence of quantum gravity and potentially discriminate between competing theoretical frameworks. High-energy astrophysical phenomena offer perhaps the most promising window into quantum gravitational effects. Specifically, gamma-ray bursts (GRBs) and other energetic cosmic sources provide unique opportunities through the propagation of high-energy photons across cosmological distances. Some quantum gravity models—particularly certain formulations of loop quantum gravity, doubly special relativity, and various quantum spacetime theories—predict tiny modifications to photon dispersion relations, effectively making the speed of light slightly energy-dependent due to the granular or foamy nature of quantum spacetime. Given the enormous distances traveled by GRB photons (often billions of light-years), these minute effects could accumulate to produce measurable time delays between the arrival of high-energy and low-energy photons. The Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope and other observatories have already placed significant constraints on such effects, with future facilities potentially providing even greater sensitivity. Importantly, different quantum gravity approaches predict distinctive energy-dependence signatures in these dispersion relations: loop quantum gravity models typically predict linear or quadratic energy-dependent modifications, while string theory formulations generally preserve Lorentz invariance but might introduce other effects. Thus, precise measurements of high-energy photon propagation could potentially discriminate between theoretical frameworks. Gravitational wave astronomy provides another revolutionary observational window. The detection of gravitational waves from black hole and neutron star mergers by LIGO/Virgo has already confirmed crucial predictions of classical general relativity. Future detectors with enhanced sensitivity—particularly space-based observatories like LISA—might detect minute deviations from classical predictions in the gravitational waveforms. These deviations could arise from quantum modifications to the gravitational field equations, with different theoretical frameworks predicting distinct corrections to the classical signals. String theory, loop quantum gravity, and other approaches suggest different modifications to the propagation and generation of gravitational waves, potentially allowing careful waveform analysis to distinguish between competing theories, though this would require extraordinary precision and sophisticated modeling of potential quantum effects. Cosmological observations offer another promising avenue, as the early universe likely experienced conditions where quantum gravitational effects were significant. The cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation—particularly its polarization patterns and tensor modes—may contain imprints of quantum gravitational processes during cosmic inflation or even a pre-inflationary epoch. Different quantum gravity theories suggest distinctive modifications to early universe dynamics: loop quantum cosmology predicts a 'big bounce' replacing the classical big bang singularity, potentially leaving characteristic signatures in the CMB; certain string theory-inspired inflationary models suggest specific patterns of primordial non-Gaussianity or distinctive tensor mode signals; and emergent gravity approaches might predict unique correlations in primordial fluctuations. Increasingly precise CMB observations, along with large-scale structure surveys mapping the universe's expansion history, could potentially reveal these subtle quantum gravitational imprints. Analogue gravity experiments represent an indirect but practically accessible approach, where condensed matter systems are engineered to simulate aspects of quantum field theory in curved spacetime. While not directly testing quantum gravity itself, these laboratory systems—including Bose-Einstein condensates, optical lattices, and superfluid helium—can experimentally explore phenomena like Hawking radiation in analogue black hole horizons, potentially providing insights into semiclassical aspects of quantum field theory in curved spacetime that any complete quantum gravity theory must reproduce. Short-distance tests of gravity represent yet another avenue, searching for deviations from Newton's inverse-square law at microscopic scales that might indicate extra dimensions (as predicted by some string theory formulations) or other modifications arising from quantum gravity. While current experiments have probed gravitational interactions down to distances of tens of micrometers, significant improvements would be needed to approach scales where quantum gravitational effects might become apparent. To effectively discriminate between competing theoretical frameworks, a combination of these observational approaches would be essential, as different theories often make distinctive predictions across multiple phenomena. For instance, discovering specific energy-dependent Lorentz violations in high-energy photon propagation would substantially favor certain quantum spacetime or loop quantum gravity models over most string theory formulations. Conversely, detecting signatures of primordial cosmic strings or extra dimensions would strengthen the case for string theory approaches. The black hole information paradox represents another crucial theoretical benchmark, with different quantum gravity approaches suggesting distinct resolutions that might eventually have observable consequences for black hole physics. In pursuing these observational avenues, maintaining theoretical humility remains essential, as the correct quantum theory of gravity might reveal itself through unexpected empirical signatures not prominently featured in current theoretical frameworks. The history of physics suggests that pivotal experimental discoveries often emerge from unanticipated directions, highlighting the importance of developing diverse observational approaches while remaining open to surprising results that might redirect our theoretical understanding of quantum gravity in fundamental ways.", "The experimental verification of quantum gravity represents one of physics' most formidable challenges, given the enormous disparity between accessible energy scales and the Planck scale (approximately 10^19 GeV) where quantum gravitational effects should become directly observable. Nevertheless, several promising observational windows have emerged that might provide indirect evidence of quantum gravitational phenomena and potentially help discriminate between competing theoretical frameworks. High-energy astrophysical sources offer perhaps the most promising avenue for detecting quantum gravitational effects. Particularly significant are studies of gamma-ray bursts (GRBs) and active galactic nuclei, which produce high-energy photons that traverse enormous cosmic distances before reaching Earth. Many quantum gravity approaches—including certain formulations of loop quantum gravity, modified dispersion relations from various quantum spacetime models, and some non-critical string theory variants—predict tiny violations of Lorentz invariance that would cause photons of different energies to propagate at slightly different velocities through the quantum vacuum. While these effects would be minuscule, the vast distances traveled by cosmic photons (often billions of light-years) could allow these minute differences to accumulate into potentially detectable timing delays between the arrival of high-energy and low-energy photons from transient events like GRBs. Observatories including the Fermi Gamma-ray Space Telescope have already placed significant constraints on such effects, though definitive evidence remains elusive. Crucially, different quantum gravity theories predict distinct energy-dependence signatures in these dispersion relations—for instance, loop quantum gravity often suggests linear or quadratic energy-dependent modifications, while most string theory formulations preserve Lorentz invariance. Thus, precise measurements of high-energy photon propagation could potentially discriminate between theoretical frameworks. Gravitational wave astronomy represents another revolutionary observational window following LIGO/Virgo's landmark detections. While current observations remain within the domain of classical general relativity, future gravitational wave observatories with enhanced sensitivity—particularly space-based interferometers like LISA—might detect subtle quantum corrections to the classical gravitational waveforms produced by inspiraling compact objects. These corrections could arise from modifications to the gravitational field equations predicted by different quantum gravity approaches, with distinctive signatures potentially allowing discrimination between competing frameworks. Specific effects might include modified dispersion relations for gravitational waves, additional polarization modes beyond those predicted by general relativity, or characteristic deviations in the merger and ringdown phases of black hole coalescence where strong-field effects become most pronounced. Cosmological observations provide another promising avenue, as the early universe likely experienced conditions where quantum gravitational effects were significant. The cosmic microwave background (CMB) radiation, particularly its polarization patterns and primordial tensor modes, may contain imprints of quantum gravitational processes during the inflationary epoch or an even earlier phase. Different quantum gravity theories predict distinctive signatures: loop quantum cosmology suggests a 'big bounce' replacing the classical big bang singularity, potentially leaving characteristic imprints on the largest angular scales of the CMB; certain string-inspired inflationary models predict specific patterns of primordial non-Gaussianity or tensor mode features; and emergent gravity approaches might suggest unique correlations in primordial fluctuations. Future CMB missions with enhanced sensitivity to B-mode polarization and improved constraints on non-Gaussianity could potentially detect these subtle quantum gravitational imprints. Laboratory experiments, while facing tremendous challenges in directly accessing Planck-scale physics, offer complementary approaches through precision measurements. These include torsion-balance experiments testing the gravitational inverse-square law at increasingly short distances, potentially revealing extra dimensions or other modifications predicted by certain quantum gravity frameworks; quantum optomechanical experiments exploring potential quantum fluctuations of spacetime or holographic noise; and analog gravity systems that simulate aspects of quantum field theory in curved spacetime using condensed matter systems like Bose-Einstein condensates. Black hole physics provides yet another interface between theory and observation. The thermodynamic properties of black holes—including Hawking radiation and black hole entropy—represent crucial testing grounds for quantum gravity theories, which must reproduce Hawking's semiclassical results in appropriate limits while providing a fundamental explanation for black hole microstates. Recent observational breakthroughs, including the Event Horizon Telescope's imaging of black hole shadows and gravitational wave observations of black hole mergers, provide unprecedented empirical access to strong-field gravitational regimes. Future precision measurements might reveal subtle quantum corrections to classical black hole properties, potentially discriminating between theoretical approaches that predict different quantum structures for black hole horizons and interiors. To effectively constrain quantum gravity theories, combining multiple observational strategies will be essential, as different approaches often make distinctive predictions across various phenomena. The most compelling evidence would likely come from concordant results across multiple observational channels—for instance, if specific Lorentz-violating effects were detected consistently in both high-energy photon propagation and gravitational wave signals. Such multi-messenger approaches represent the most promising path toward empirically discriminating between competing quantum gravity frameworks and ultimately identifying the correct theory through its observational signatures."],
    hints: "Analyze the most promising avenues for observational evidence of quantum gravity effects and how these observations might help discriminate between competing theoretical frameworks.",
    expectedKeywords: ["observational evidence", "quantum gravity", "experimental verification", "cosmic rays", "gamma-ray bursts", "Lorentz invariance", "gravitational waves", "cosmic microwave background", "black holes", "early universe", "dispersion relation", "discriminate", "theoretical frameworks", "Planck scale"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your analysis of potential observational avenues for quantum gravity is exceptionally comprehensive and well-reasoned. Let's now explore a specific theoretical approach that has gained attention in recent years. How would you evaluate the asymptotic safety program for quantum gravity, particularly regarding its conceptual foundations, mathematical framework, and relationship to other approaches like string theory and loop quantum gravity?",
      partial: "You've identified some promising observational approaches for quantum gravity. Could you develop your analysis further by more explicitly addressing how these observations might help us discriminate between competing theoretical frameworks like string theory and loop quantum gravity?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the most promising avenues for observational evidence of quantum gravity effects, and specifically how such observations might help discriminate between competing theoretical frameworks."
    }
  }, {
    id: 4,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of potential observational avenues for quantum gravity is exceptionally comprehensive and well-reasoned. Let's now explore a specific theoretical approach that has gained attention in recent years. How would you evaluate the asymptotic safety program for quantum gravity, particularly regarding its conceptual foundations, mathematical framework, and relationship to other approaches like string theory and loop quantum gravity?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["The asymptotic safety program for quantum gravity represents a distinctive approach that has gained considerable traction over the past two decades, offering a conceptually conservative yet mathematically sophisticated framework that contrasts interestingly with string theory and loop quantum gravity. In evaluating this approach, we must examine its conceptual foundations, mathematical implementation, empirical implications, and relationship to other quantum gravity programs. Conceptually, asymptotic safety builds upon foundational principles of quantum field theory and the renormalization group, proposing that quantum gravity can be formulated as a conventional quantum field theory despite traditional concerns about non-renormalizability. The approach's central hypothesis is that the renormalization group flow of gravitational couplings reaches a non-trivial fixed point in the ultraviolet limit—a condition termed 'asymptotic safety.' This fixed point would effectively control the high-energy behavior of the theory, rendering gravity non-perturbatively renormalizable and mathematically consistent despite being perturbatively non-renormalizable by power-counting arguments. This conceptual foundation differs markedly from both string theory and loop quantum gravity. Unlike string theory, which introduces fundamentally new degrees of freedom (strings, branes) and typically requires additional theoretical structures (extra dimensions, supersymmetry), asymptotic safety maintains general relativity's core geometric picture, simply proposing that quantum effects modify the theory's high-energy behavior through renormalization group dynamics. Unlike loop quantum gravity, which directly quantizes geometric degrees of freedom leading to discrete spacetime structures, asymptotic safety preserves spacetime continuity while incorporating quantum corrections to the gravitational interaction through running coupling constants. The approach is thus conceptually minimalist, requiring no additional dimensions, fundamental fields, or discrete structures beyond those in conventional general relativity and quantum field theory. Mathematically, asymptotic safety employs sophisticated functional renormalization group techniques, particularly the Wetterich equation and its gravitational extensions. The central mathematical tool is the effective average action, which captures quantum gravitational effects at different energy scales through a momentum-dependent regulator function. This framework enables systematic tracking of how gravitational couplings evolve with energy scale, allowing researchers to search for the proposed ultraviolet fixed point through various approximation schemes. The primary mathematical evidence for asymptotic safety comes from truncated calculations within this framework, which consistently suggest the existence of the necessary fixed point across increasingly sophisticated approximations—including calculations incorporating higher derivative terms, matter fields, and expanded coupling spaces. However, mathematical challenges remain in establishing the robustness of these results beyond finite truncations and addressing subtleties in gauge-fixing and background independence. Regarding its relationship to other quantum gravity approaches, asymptotic safety occupies an interesting middle ground. With string theory, it shares the preservation of spacetime continuity and the potential incorporation of matter fields in a unified framework, but differs fundamentally in requiring no additional theoretical structures beyond the quantum field theory of Einstein gravity. Some connections between asymptotic safety and certain string theory scenarios have been proposed, particularly relating to the AdS/CFT correspondence, where the ultraviolet fixed point might have a dual interpretation in terms of conformal field theories. With loop quantum gravity, asymptotic safety shares an emphasis on background independence as a conceptual principle, though it implements this differently—through functional renormalization group equations that effectively sum over all background geometries rather than through direct quantization of geometric variables. Some hybrid approaches have begun exploring potential connections between asymptotic safety and loop quantum gravity, particularly in how renormalization group flows might emerge from more fundamental discrete structures in appropriate limits. Asymptotic safety also connects interestingly with causal dynamical triangulation approaches, which have provided numerical evidence for phase transitions in quantum geometry that might relate to fixed point structures. The empirical implications of asymptotic safety include specific predictions for scattering processes at trans-Planckian energies, potential modifications to early universe cosmology, and distinct black hole physics including potential resolution of singularities. While sharing some phenomenological predictions with other quantum gravity approaches, asymptotic safety makes distinctive predictions regarding running gravitational couplings that could potentially be tested through precision cosmological observations or specific signatures in gravitational wave physics. In evaluating asymptotic safety's overall status, several strengths and challenges emerge. Its principal strengths include conceptual conservatism, maintaining continuity with established physical theories; mathematical progress in increasingly sophisticated approximations consistently supporting the fixed point hypothesis; and the potential for concrete phenomenological predictions connecting to observations. Its challenges include establishing the validity of truncation approximations, ensuring proper implementation of background independence, and developing a more complete understanding of the theory space geometry around the proposed fixed point. While asymptotic safety remains less widely pursued than string theory and has a less developed mathematical structure than loop quantum gravity, it represents a compelling research program that complements these approaches by exploring how far the conventional quantum field theory framework can be extended to incorporate gravity, potentially offering new insights into the quantum gravity problem from a distinctive theoretical perspective.", "The asymptotic safety program represents a distinctive approach to quantum gravity that has gained significant momentum in recent decades, offering a conceptually conservative yet mathematically sophisticated framework that contrasts interestingly with both string theory and loop quantum gravity. To evaluate this approach comprehensively, I'll examine its conceptual foundations, mathematical framework, current status, and relationships to other quantum gravity programs. Conceptually, asymptotic safety proposes a surprisingly minimalist solution to the quantum gravity problem. While traditional arguments suggest that quantum general relativity is perturbatively non-renormalizable (leading to uncontrollable divergences in conventional perturbation theory), asymptotic safety hypothesizes that gravitational couplings reach a non-trivial fixed point under renormalization group flow at high energies. At this fixed point, a finite number of parameters would be sufficient to define the theory completely, effectively rendering gravity non-perturbatively renormalizable despite its perturbative pathologies. This conceptual foundation differs markedly from other quantum gravity approaches. Unlike string theory, which introduces fundamentally new entities (strings and branes) and typically requires additional theoretical structures like extra dimensions and supersymmetry, asymptotic safety maintains general relativity's basic degrees of freedom and four-dimensional spacetime. Unlike loop quantum gravity, which directly quantizes geometric variables leading to discrete spacetime structures, asymptotic safety preserves spacetime continuity while incorporating quantum effects through scale-dependent gravitational couplings. The approach thus represents a more conservative extension of established physics, requiring no additional dimensions, fundamental constituents, or radical revisions to our understanding of spacetime structure. Mathematically, asymptotic safety employs the functional renormalization group framework, particularly the effective average action formalism developed by Wetterich, Reuter, and others. This sophisticated mathematical apparatus enables tracking the scale-dependence of gravitational couplings beyond perturbation theory, primarily through the exact functional renormalization group equation. The central mathematical challenge involves identifying and characterizing the proposed ultraviolet fixed point that would control the theory's high-energy behavior. Evidence for this fixed point has emerged from increasingly sophisticated truncations of the gravitational action, including calculations incorporating higher derivative terms, matter field contributions, and expanded coupling spaces. These calculations consistently suggest the existence of a non-trivial fixed point with a finite number of relevant directions (corresponding to renormalizable couplings), supporting the asymptotic safety hypothesis across various approximation schemes. However, significant mathematical challenges remain in establishing the reliability of these truncated calculations and addressing subtleties in gauge-fixing, the treatment of background independence, and the closure of the renormalization group flow equations. Regarding its relationship to other quantum gravity approaches, asymptotic safety occupies an interesting middle ground. With string theory, it shares the preservation of spacetime continuity and the ambition to incorporate gravity within a consistent quantum framework alongside other fundamental interactions. However, it differs fundamentally in its minimalist approach, requiring no additional dimensions or fundamental constituents. Intriguing connections between asymptotic safety and certain string theory scenarios have been proposed, particularly through the AdS/CFT correspondence, where the ultraviolet fixed point might have a holographic interpretation. With loop quantum gravity, asymptotic safety shares an emphasis on background independence as a guiding principle, though it implements this differently—through functional equations that effectively sum over all background geometries rather than through direct quantization of geometric variables. Some researchers have begun exploring potential connections between these approaches, particularly in how renormalization group flows might emerge from more fundamental discrete structures in appropriate limits. The empirical implications of asymptotic safety include specific predictions for running gravitational couplings that could potentially be tested through precision cosmological observations or gravitational wave physics. The approach suggests distinctive early universe scenarios with potential observational signatures, modifications to black hole physics including potential singularity resolution, and specific scaling behaviors in high-energy scattering processes. In evaluating asymptotic safety's overall status, several strengths and limitations emerge. Its primary strengths include conceptual parsimony, maintaining continuity with established physical theories; accumulating mathematical evidence for the fixed point hypothesis across increasingly sophisticated approximations; and potential connections to observational physics. Its challenges include establishing the reliability of truncation approximations, properly implementing background independence, and developing a more complete understanding of the theory space and its renormalization group flows. While asymptotic safety remains less widely pursued than string theory and has a less developed mathematical infrastructure than loop quantum gravity, it represents a compelling research program that complements these approaches by exploring how far conventional quantum field theory methods can be extended to incorporate gravity consistently.", "The asymptotic safety program for quantum gravity represents a distinctive approach that has gained considerable traction over the past two decades..."],
    hints: "Evaluate the asymptotic safety program for quantum gravity, analyzing its conceptual foundations, mathematical framework, and relationship to approaches like string theory and loop quantum gravity.",
    expectedKeywords: ["asymptotic safety", "fixed point", "renormalization group", "non-perturbative", "ultraviolet completion", "effective average action", "running couplings", "truncation", "background independence", "functional renormalization group", "Wetterich equation", "quantum field theory"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["asymptotic safety program", "ultraviolet fixed point", "renormalization group flow", "non-perturbatively renormalizable", "effective average action", "functional renormalization group", "scale-dependent couplings", "truncation approximations", "background independence", "Wetterich equation", "running gravitational coupling", "theory space"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation of the asymptotic safety program is remarkably thorough and insightful. Let's now turn to a more philosophical question that underlies many debates in quantum gravity. How would you analyze the concept of 'emergence' in the context of quantum gravity theories, particularly regarding whether spacetime is fundamental or emerges from more basic quantum structures? What philosophical and physical considerations should guide our thinking on this question?",
      partial: "You've made some good points about asymptotic safety. Could you develop your evaluation further by more specifically addressing its conceptual foundations, mathematical framework, and relationship to other approaches like string theory and loop quantum gravity?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the asymptotic safety program for quantum gravity, specifically addressing its conceptual foundations, mathematical framework, and relationship to other approaches like string theory and loop quantum gravity."
    }
  }, {
    id: 5,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation of the asymptotic safety program is remarkably thorough and insightful. Let's now turn to a more philosophical question that underlies many debates in quantum gravity. How would you analyze the concept of 'emergence' in the context of quantum gravity theories, particularly regarding whether spacetime is fundamental or emerges from more basic quantum structures? What philosophical and physical considerations should guide our thinking on this question?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The concept of 'emergence' in quantum gravity represents a profound philosophical and physical question that challenges our deepest intuitions about the nature of reality. This question—whether spacetime is fundamental or emerges from more basic quantum structures—lies at the heart of different approaches to quantum gravity and connects to longstanding philosophical debates about reductionism, fundamentality, and the ontological status of space and time. The notion of emergence generally describes how macroscopic properties or structures can arise from microscopic constituents in ways that may not be obviously derivable from the underlying theory. In analyzing emergence in quantum gravity contexts, we must consider several distinct interpretations of the concept, each with different philosophical and physical implications. First, we should distinguish between weak and strong emergence. Weak emergence refers to properties or entities that arise from more fundamental structures in a way that is, in principle, derivable from the underlying theory, even if the derivation may be practically challenging due to complexity. Strong emergence, conversely, suggests the appearance of genuinely new properties or entities that cannot, even in principle, be reduced to or derived from the underlying theory. Most quantum gravity approaches tend to involve weak emergence, where spacetime emerges as an approximate, coarse-grained description of more fundamental quantum structures, though the precise nature of this emergence varies dramatically between theories. In string theory, spacetime emerges in a relatively conservative sense. While strings propagate in a background spacetime (typically with extra dimensions), the graviton appears as a specific vibrational mode of the string, and spacetime geometry emerges dynamically from graviton interactions. More radical emergence appears in non-perturbative formulations like the AdS/CFT correspondence, where spacetime geometry in the bulk emerges holographically from a non-gravitational quantum field theory on the boundary—suggesting spacetime may not be fundamental but rather an emergent description of more basic quantum-mechanical degrees of freedom. Loop quantum gravity presents a different picture of emergence. Here, quantum states of geometry are represented by spin networks—discrete, graph-like structures that encode quantized geometric properties. Classical spacetime emerges from these quantum states in an appropriate semiclassical limit, similar to how classical mechanics emerges from quantum mechanics. In this view, the continuity of spacetime is emergent rather than fundamental, with discrete quantum structures at the Planck scale giving rise to apparently continuous geometry at macroscopic scales. Other approaches suggest even more radical forms of emergence. In causal set theory, spacetime emerges from discrete causal relations between events. In tensor network approaches, spacetime and gravity emerge from quantum entanglement structures. In quantum graphity models, spacetime emerges from the collective behavior of quantum systems defined on graphs. Each of these proposals involves different mechanisms of emergence, with varying implications for the ontological status of space and time. Several philosophical considerations should guide our thinking about spacetime emergence. First, we should consider the philosophical tradition from Kant that space and time might be a priori categories of understanding rather than mind-independent entities—making the question of their emergence particularly subtle, as it concerns not just physical theory but the conditions for the possibility of experience itself. This perspective raises profound questions about whether a theory in which spacetime emerges from non-spatiotemporal entities can be fully conceptualized or empirically verified, given that our conceptual frameworks and experimental practices are inherently spatiotemporal. Second, the concept of emergence connects to longstanding debates about scientific realism. If spacetime emerges from more fundamental structures, should we consider these structures as representing reality while spacetime is merely a useful approximation? Or should we adopt a more instrumentalist view where both the fundamental and emergent levels are simply different descriptive frameworks, each useful in different contexts? These questions become particularly acute when the fundamental structures (spin networks, strings, causal sets) are mathematically sophisticated but increasingly removed from direct empirical verification. From a physical perspective, several considerations are crucial. First, any theory proposing spacetime emergence must explain how the specific features of relativistic spacetime—Lorentz invariance, diffeomorphism invariance, locality—emerge from the underlying structures. This remains a significant challenge for many approaches. Second, emergence typically involves a transition between scales or levels of description. Understanding the detailed mechanics of this transition—often through renormalization group techniques or coarse-graining procedures—is essential for a convincing account of spacetime emergence. Third, the emergence of spacetime must ultimately connect to observable physics. Theories must explain not just how classical spacetime emerges in principle, but how specific predictions for observable phenomena derive from the fundamental structures. This requirement provides a crucial physical constraint on purely mathematical or philosophical speculation. Finally, we should consider how different forms of emergence relate to broader questions about unification and fundamentality in physics. Does a theory in which spacetime emerges from more basic quantum structures represent a deeper unification of physical principles? Does it achieve greater simplicity or explanatory power at the fundamental level, even if that level becomes increasingly abstract? These questions connect the technical details of quantum gravity approaches with broader aims of physical theory. In conclusion, the question of whether spacetime emerges from more fundamental quantum structures represents both a profound physical question at the frontiers of theoretical physics and a philosophical question touching on the nature of reality, our conceptual frameworks, and the aims of scientific theorizing. Progress on this question will likely require continued interplay between physical theory, mathematical development, philosophical analysis, and—ultimately—experimental guidance.", "The question of whether spacetime is fundamental or emerges from more basic quantum structures represents one of the most profound conceptual challenges in contemporary theoretical physics, connecting sophisticated mathematical frameworks with deep philosophical questions about the nature of reality. Analyzing emergence in quantum gravity requires navigating multiple dimensions of this complex topic, including different theoretical perspectives, philosophical traditions, and physical constraints. We should begin by clarifying the concept of emergence itself, which remains multifaceted across physics and philosophy. In its broadest sense, emergence describes how macroscopic properties can arise from microscopic constituents in ways that may not be straightforwardly reducible to or derivable from the underlying theory. Philosophical discussions typically distinguish between weak emergence—where higher-level properties are in principle deducible from the lower-level theory, even if practically challenging due to complexity—and strong emergence, where genuinely new properties arise that cannot, even in principle, be reduced to the underlying level. Most quantum gravity approaches involve forms of weak emergence, though with significant variations in how spacetime emerges from more fundamental structures. Different quantum gravity frameworks suggest distinct emergence mechanisms. In string theory, spacetime emerges in a relatively conservative manner in the perturbative formulation, where strings propagate in a background spacetime whose dynamics arise from string interactions, with the graviton appearing as a specific string vibrational mode. A more radical form of emergence appears in the AdS/CFT correspondence, where an entire spacetime geometry emerges holographically from a non-gravitational quantum field theory defined on its boundary—suggesting that spacetime itself may be an emergent, approximate description of more fundamental quantum-mechanical degrees of freedom that are themselves non-spatiotemporal. Loop quantum gravity presents a different picture, where quantum states of geometry are represented by spin networks and spin foams—discrete, graph-like structures encoding quantized geometric properties. Classical continuous spacetime emerges from these quantum states in an appropriate semiclassical limit. In this view, the continuity of spacetime is not fundamental but emergent, with discrete quantum structures at the Planck scale giving rise to apparently continuous geometry at macroscopic scales. Other approaches suggest even more radical forms of emergence. In causal set theory, spacetime emerges from discrete causal relations between events. In tensor network approaches inspired by quantum information theory, spacetime geometry and gravitational dynamics emerge from quantum entanglement structures. In quantum graphity models, spacetime emerges dynamically as the collective behavior of quantum systems defined on graphs. Each proposal involves different emergence mechanisms with distinct implications for the ontological status of space and time. Several philosophical considerations should guide our analysis of spacetime emergence. First, we must consider the Kantian tradition that space and time constitute a priori categories of understanding rather than mind-independent entities. This perspective raises profound questions about whether a theory in which spacetime emerges from non-spatiotemporal structures can be fully conceptualized or empirically verified, given that our conceptual frameworks and experimental practices are inherently spatiotemporal. Some philosophers argue this creates an insurmountable conceptual barrier to fully non-spatiotemporal theories, while others suggest that mathematical structures can provide conceptual bridges to realities beyond our direct intuition. Second, emergence relates to longstanding debates about scientific realism and reductionism. If spacetime emerges from more fundamental structures, should we consider only the fundamental level as representing reality while spacetime becomes merely a useful approximation? Or should we adopt a pluralist view where both levels capture different aspects of reality? These questions become particularly acute when the proposed fundamental structures become increasingly abstract and removed from direct empirical verification. From a physical perspective, several considerations constrain viable emergence scenarios. First, any theory proposing spacetime emergence must explain how specific features of relativistic spacetime—including Lorentz invariance, diffeomorphism invariance, and locality—emerge from the underlying structures. Second, the emergence mechanism typically involves a transition between scales or effective descriptions. Understanding this transition—often through renormalization group techniques or coarse-graining procedures—is essential for a convincing account of spacetime emergence. Third, emergent spacetime must ultimately connect to observable physics; theories must explain not just how classical spacetime emerges in principle, but how specific predictions for observable phenomena derive from the fundamental structures. This requirement provides a crucial physical constraint on purely mathematical speculation. Different emergence scenarios also imply different relationships between quantum theory and relativity. In some approaches, quantum principles are considered more fundamental, with relativistic spacetime emerging from quantum structures. In others, both quantum theory and general relativity emerge as complementary approximations of a more fundamental theory that is neither fully quantum nor fully relativistic in the conventional sense. This raises profound questions about the relationship between our most successful physical theories and the nature of a more fundamental framework. In analyzing the question of spacetime emergence, we should remain mindful of the historical pattern where fundamental entities in one era (atoms, fields, spacetime itself) often become derivable consequences of more fundamental theories in subsequent eras. Yet we should also recognize the unique challenges in quantum gravity, where the emergent entity (spacetime) is so foundational to our conceptual frameworks and experimental practices that its emergence creates distinctive philosophical puzzles. The question of whether spacetime emerges from more fundamental quantum structures represents both a profound physical question at the frontiers of theoretical physics and a philosophical question concerning the nature of reality, our conceptual frameworks, and the aims of scientific theorizing. Progress on this question will require continued interplay between physical theory, mathematical development, philosophical analysis, and—ultimately—experimental guidance.", "The question of whether spacetime is fundamental or emergent from more basic quantum structures represents one of the most profound conceptual challenges in quantum gravity, connecting sophisticated physical theories with deep philosophical questions about the nature of reality. This question transcends purely technical considerations, touching on the ontological status of space and time themselves—entities so fundamental to our conceptual frameworks that their potential emergence creates unique philosophical and physical puzzles. To analyze this question comprehensively, we must consider multiple dimensions of emergence in quantum gravity contexts. First, different theoretical approaches to quantum gravity suggest distinct mechanisms of spacetime emergence. In string theory, particularly through the AdS/CFT correspondence, spacetime geometry emerges holographically from a non-gravitational quantum field theory defined on a lower-dimensional boundary. This represents a profound form of emergence where an entire dimensional reality (the 'bulk' spacetime) arises from quantum degrees of freedom that do not themselves exist in that spacetime. In loop quantum gravity, quantum states of geometry are represented by spin networks—discrete, graph-like structures that encode quantized geometric properties. Classical continuous spacetime emerges from these quantum states in an appropriate semiclassical limit, suggesting that the continuity and smoothness of spacetime is not fundamental but emergent from discrete quantum structures at the Planck scale. Other approaches suggest even more radical forms of emergence. In causal set theory, spacetime emerges from discrete causal relations between events. In quantum graphity models, spacetime emerges dynamically as a phase of a quantum system defined on graphs. In tensor network approaches, spacetime geometry emerges from quantum entanglement structures. Each of these proposals involves different emergence mechanisms, with varying implications for the ontological status of space and time themselves. Second, philosophical traditions offer important perspectives on spacetime emergence. The Kantian tradition that space and time function as a priori categories of understanding rather than mind-independent entities raises profound questions about whether a theory in which spacetime emerges from non-spatiotemporal entities can be fully conceptualized or empirically verified. If space and time are preconditions for experience rather than objects of experience, theories proposing their emergence from non-spatiotemporal structures face unique conceptual challenges. This connects to broader philosophical debates about scientific realism. If spacetime emerges from more fundamental structures, should we consider only the fundamental level as representing reality while spacetime becomes merely a useful approximation? Or should we adopt a pluralist view where both levels capture different aspects of reality? These questions become particularly acute when the proposed fundamental structures (spin networks, entanglement patterns, causal sets) become increasingly abstract and removed from direct empirical verification. Third, from a physical perspective, several considerations constrain viable emergence scenarios. Any theory proposing spacetime emergence must explain how the specific features of relativistic spacetime—Lorentz invariance, diffeomorphism invariance, locality—emerge from underlying structures. This remains a significant challenge for many approaches. Furthermore, emergence typically involves a transition between scales or effective descriptions. Understanding this transition—often through renormalization group techniques or coarse-graining procedures—is essential for a convincing account of spacetime emergence. Additionally, emergent spacetime must ultimately connect to observable physics; theories must explain not just how classical spacetime emerges in principle, but how specific predictions for observable phenomena derive from the fundamental structures. This requirement provides a crucial physical constraint on purely mathematical speculation. Fourth, the concept of emergence itself requires careful analysis. Philosophers often distinguish between weak emergence—where higher-level properties are in principle deducible from the lower-level theory, even if practically difficult due to complexity—and strong emergence, where genuinely new properties arise that cannot, even in principle, be reduced to the underlying level. Most quantum gravity approaches involve forms of weak emergence, though with varying degrees of complexity in the emergence mechanism. The relationship between quantum mechanics and general relativity also influences our understanding of emergence. In some approaches, quantum principles are considered more fundamental, with relativistic spacetime emerging from quantum structures. In others, both quantum theory and general relativity emerge as complementary approximations of a more fundamental theory that is neither fully quantum nor fully relativistic in the conventional sense. This raises profound questions about the relationship between our most successful physical theories and the nature of a more fundamental framework. In analyzing spacetime emergence, we should also consider historical patterns in physical theory where fundamental entities in one era (atoms, fields, spacetime itself) often become derivable consequences of more fundamental theories in subsequent eras. Yet we should also recognize the unique challenges in quantum gravity, where the emergent entity (spacetime) is so fundamental to our conceptual frameworks and experimental practices that its emergence creates distinctive philosophical puzzles. Ultimately, the question of whether spacetime emerges from more fundamental quantum structures represents both a profound physical question at the frontiers of theoretical physics and a philosophical question touching on the nature of reality, our conceptual frameworks, and the aims of scientific theorizing. Progress will require continued interplay between physical theory, mathematical development, philosophical analysis, and—ultimately—experimental guidance that might help discriminate between different conceptions of spacetime's fundamental or emergent nature."],
    hints: "Analyze the concept of 'emergence' in quantum gravity theories, examining whether spacetime is fundamental or emerges from more basic quantum structures, and discuss the philosophical and physical considerations that should guide thinking on this question.",
    expectedKeywords: ["emergence", "spacetime", "fundamental", "quantum structures", "philosophical", "physical", "reductionism", "ontological", "holographic", "spin networks", "discrete", "continuous", "background independence", "conceptual frameworks", "realism"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your analysis of spacetime emergence is philosophically profound and physically informed. For our final question, let's bring together multiple threads from our discussion. How might recent developments in quantum information theory—particularly concepts like entanglement, quantum error correction, and tensor networks—provide new perspectives on quantum gravity? What insights do these information-theoretic approaches offer that complement or challenge more traditional approaches to quantum gravity?",
      partial: "You've raised some interesting points about spacetime emergence. Could you develop your analysis further by more explicitly discussing the philosophical and physical considerations that should guide our thinking on whether spacetime is fundamental or emerges from more basic quantum structures?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the concept of 'emergence' in quantum gravity theories, particularly the question of whether spacetime is fundamental or emerges from more basic quantum structures, and discussing the philosophical and physical considerations that should guide our thinking on this question."
    }
  }, {
    id: 6,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of spacetime emergence is philosophically profound and physically informed. For our final question, let's bring together multiple threads from our discussion. How might recent developments in quantum information theory—particularly concepts like entanglement, quantum error correction, and tensor networks—provide new perspectives on quantum gravity? What insights do these information-theoretic approaches offer that complement or challenge more traditional approaches to quantum gravity?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["The convergence of quantum information theory and quantum gravity represents one of the most exciting developments in theoretical physics over the past two decades, providing novel conceptual frameworks, mathematical tools, and physical insights that both complement and challenge traditional approaches to quantum gravity. This synthesis has been particularly fruitful in revealing deep connections between spacetime structure, quantum entanglement, and information processing, suggesting that information-theoretic concepts may be fundamental to understanding quantum gravity. Perhaps the most profound insight from this synthesis is the growing evidence for a deep connection between quantum entanglement and spacetime geometry. This connection emerged most strikingly in the context of the AdS/CFT correspondence, where Ryu and Takayanagi discovered that the entanglement entropy of regions in the boundary conformal field theory is proportional to the area of extremal surfaces in the bulk gravitational spacetime. This relationship—essentially a quantum generalization of the Bekenstein-Hawking black hole entropy formula—suggests that spacetime geometry may fundamentally encode patterns of quantum entanglement in the underlying quantum gravity degrees of freedom. Van Raamsdonk, Maldacena, and others extended this insight, demonstrating that modifications to entanglement patterns in the boundary theory correspond to specific modifications of the bulk geometry, culminating in the striking observation that completely disentangling regions of the boundary theory corresponds to a disconnection of the bulk spacetime. These results suggest a profound principle: spacetime connectivity may fundamentally arise from quantum entanglement—'ER = EPR' in the provocative formulation by Susskind and Maldacena, connecting wormholes (Einstein-Rosen bridges) with quantum entanglement (Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen correlations). This entanglement-geometry correspondence offers a novel perspective on the emergence of spacetime, suggesting that classical spacetime arises from quantum entanglement structures in the underlying theory—a perspective that complements other approaches to quantum gravity while providing specific mechanisms for how this emergence might occur. Quantum error correction has provided another revolutionary perspective on quantum gravity, particularly through the work of Almheiri, Dong, Harlow and others, who demonstrated that the holographic correspondence in AdS/CFT can be understood in terms of quantum error correcting codes. In this framework, bulk local operators in the gravitational spacetime are encoded non-locally in the boundary theory in a manner that protects them against erasure of boundary regions—precisely as quantum error correcting codes protect quantum information against local errors. This perspective helps explain several puzzling features of quantum gravity, including the long-standing puzzle of how bulk locality emerges in holographic theories and how information appears to be redundantly encoded in gravitational systems. It also provides new insights into the black hole information paradox, suggesting mechanisms for how information might be preserved in black hole evaporation while appearing thermalized to local observers. Tensor networks—mathematical structures originally developed to efficiently represent many-body quantum states—have emerged as a powerful tool connecting quantum information concepts with quantum gravity. The Multi-scale Entanglement Renormalization Ansatz (MERA), developed by Vidal for condensed matter applications, exhibits striking similarities to discretized versions of AdS spacetime, with its hierarchical structure representing different scales in the emergent geometry. This connection, first noted by Swingle, has led to extensive research developing tensor network models that explicitly realize holographic dualities, discretized models of spacetime emergence, and toy models of quantum gravity. These tensor network approaches provide concrete mathematical implementations of how spacetime geometry could emerge from quantum entanglement structures, complementing more traditional approaches to quantum gravity with explicit, calculable models of emergence. These information-theoretic approaches offer several distinctive insights that complement traditional quantum gravity programs. First, they provide concrete mechanisms for spacetime emergence, showing specifically how geometric properties might arise from underlying quantum information structures, rather than merely postulating emergence in principle. Second, they offer new perspectives on holography—not merely as a conjecture in string theory but as a general feature of quantum gravitational systems arising from fundamental information-theoretic principles about quantum gravity degrees of freedom. Third, they suggest resolution mechanisms for the black hole information paradox centered on quantum information concepts like complementarity, error correction, and computational complexity, providing new angles on this longstanding puzzle. However, these approaches also face significant challenges and limitations. The most developed implementations remain in the context of AdS/CFT, which may not directly describe our universe with its apparent positive cosmological constant. Extending these ideas to more realistic cosmological settings remains a major challenge. Additionally, while these approaches provide compelling pictures of how spacetime might emerge from quantum entanglement, they often remain at the semiclassical level, leaving open questions about the full non-perturbative quantum gravity regime. Looking forward, the integration of quantum information concepts into quantum gravity promises continued insights. Areas of active development include: applying quantum complexity theory to understand the interior of black holes and the growth of Einstein-Rosen bridges; developing more sophisticated tensor network models that capture features of dynamical gravity; exploring connections between quantum error correction and the firewall paradox; and extending these information-theoretic approaches beyond AdS/CFT to cosmological spacetimes. These developments suggest that information-theoretic concepts may provide crucial bridges between different approaches to quantum gravity, potentially helping unify insights from string theory, loop quantum gravity, and other frameworks through the common language of quantum information. This synthesis represents not merely a technical advance but potentially a conceptual revolution in how we understand the fundamental nature of spacetime and gravity, suggesting that information-theoretic principles may be more fundamental than either quantum theory or gravity individually, with both emerging from deeper information-theoretic structures.", "The integration of quantum information theory with quantum gravity research represents one of the most significant theoretical developments of the past two decades, providing novel conceptual frameworks, mathematical tools, and physical insights that both complement and challenge traditional approaches to the quantum gravity problem. This synthesis has revealed deep connections between spacetime structure, quantum entanglement, and information processing, suggesting that information-theoretic principles may be fundamental to understanding quantum gravity. The most profound insight emerging from this synthesis is the growing evidence for a fundamental relationship between quantum entanglement and spacetime geometry. This connection emerged most clearly in the context of the AdS/CFT correspondence through the Ryu-Takayanagi formula, which established that the entanglement entropy of regions in the boundary conformal field theory is proportional to the area of minimal surfaces in the bulk gravitational spacetime. This relationship—essentially a quantum generalization of the Bekenstein-Hawking black hole entropy formula—suggests that spacetime geometry may fundamentally encode patterns of quantum entanglement in the underlying degrees of freedom. This insight was extended by Van Raamsdonk, Maldacena, and others who demonstrated that modifying entanglement patterns in the boundary theory corresponds to specific modifications of the bulk geometry. The striking conclusion of this line of research is that completely disentangling regions of the boundary theory corresponds to a disconnection of the bulk spacetime—suggesting that spacetime connectivity itself may fundamentally arise from quantum entanglement. This perspective was encapsulated in the provocative formula 'ER = EPR' proposed by Maldacena and Susskind, suggesting a deep connection between wormholes (Einstein-Rosen bridges) and quantum entanglement (Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen correlations). This entanglement-geometry correspondence offers a novel perspective on the emergence of spacetime, providing specific mechanisms for how classical spacetime might arise from quantum entanglement structures in the underlying theory. Another revolutionary connection comes from quantum error correction theory. Almheiri, Dong, Harlow, and others have demonstrated that the holographic correspondence in AdS/CFT can be understood through the mathematics of quantum error correcting codes. In this framework, bulk local operators in the gravitational spacetime are encoded non-locally in the boundary theory in a manner that protects them against erasure of boundary regions—precisely as quantum error correcting codes protect quantum information against local errors. This perspective helps explain several puzzling features of quantum gravity, including how bulk locality emerges in holographic theories and how information appears to be redundantly encoded in gravitational systems. It also provides new insights into the black hole information paradox, suggesting mechanisms for how information might be preserved in black hole evaporation while appearing thermalized to local observers. Tensor networks—mathematical structures developed to efficiently represent many-body quantum states—have emerged as another powerful tool connecting quantum information concepts with quantum gravity. The Multi-scale Entanglement Renormalization Ansatz (MERA), originally developed for condensed matter applications, exhibits remarkable similarities to discretized versions of AdS spacetime, with its hierarchical structure representing different scales in the emergent geometry. This connection, first noted by Swingle, has inspired extensive research developing tensor network models that explicitly realize holographic dualities and provide toy models of spacetime emergence. These approaches offer concrete mathematical implementations of how spacetime geometry could emerge from quantum entanglement structures, complementing more abstract approaches to quantum gravity with explicit, calculable models of emergence. Quantum computational complexity—the resources required to implement quantum operations—has also provided unexpected insights into quantum gravity, particularly regarding the interior of black holes. Susskind and collaborators have proposed that the growth of wormhole interiors corresponds to the increasing computational complexity of the dual quantum state—a connection that provides a new perspective on the late-time behavior of black holes and potential resolutions to the firewall paradox. These information-theoretic approaches offer several distinctive insights that complement traditional quantum gravity programs: First, they provide concrete mechanisms for spacetime emergence, showing specifically how geometric properties might arise from underlying quantum information structures, rather than merely postulating emergence in principle. Second, they offer new perspectives on holography—not merely as a specific conjecture in string theory but as a general feature of quantum gravitational systems arising from fundamental information-theoretic constraints. Third, they suggest novel resolution mechanisms for the black hole information paradox centered on quantum information concepts like complementarity, error correction, and computational complexity. However, these approaches also face significant challenges. The most developed implementations remain in the context of AdS/CFT, which may not directly describe our universe with its apparent positive cosmological constant. Extending these ideas to more realistic cosmological settings remains a major challenge. Additionally, while these approaches provide compelling pictures of how spacetime might emerge from quantum entanglement, they often remain at the semiclassical level, leaving open questions about the full non-perturbative quantum gravity regime. Looking forward, the integration of quantum information concepts into quantum gravity promises continued insights and may provide crucial bridges between different approaches to quantum gravity, potentially helping unify insights from string theory, loop quantum gravity, and other frameworks through the common language of quantum information. This synthesis represents not merely a technical advance but potentially a conceptual revolution in our understanding of the fundamental nature of spacetime and gravity.", "The convergence of quantum information theory and quantum gravity represents one of the most exciting developments in theoretical physics over the past two decades..."],
    hints: "Analyze how concepts from quantum information theory (entanglement, quantum error correction, tensor networks) provide new perspectives on quantum gravity, addressing insights that complement or challenge traditional approaches.",
    expectedKeywords: ["quantum information theory", "entanglement", "quantum error correction", "tensor networks", "holographic", "AdS/CFT", "Ryu-Takayanagi", "spacetime", "emergence", "ER=EPR", "black hole", "information paradox", "complexity", "MERA", "redundancy"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["quantum information theory", "entanglement entropy", "quantum error correction", "tensor networks", "holographic principle", "AdS/CFT correspondence", "Ryu-Takayanagi formula", "spacetime emergence", "ER=EPR correspondence", "black hole information paradox", "computational complexity", "Multi-scale Entanglement Renormalization Ansatz"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that exceptional analysis of how quantum information theory provides new perspectives on quantum gravity. Your discussion throughout this seminar has shown remarkable depth and sophistication. You've demonstrated an outstanding command of theoretical physics concepts, from string theory and loop quantum gravity to more recent developments in quantum information approaches. Your ability to navigate complex theoretical frameworks while maintaining philosophical depth and physical precision exemplifies the highest level of scientific discourse. This concludes our theoretical physics seminar.",
      partial: "You've identified some important connections between quantum information theory and quantum gravity. Could you develop your analysis further by more specifically addressing how concepts like entanglement, quantum error correction, and tensor networks provide new perspectives on quantum gravity and what insights these information-theoretic approaches offer?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing how recent developments in quantum information theory—particularly concepts like entanglement, quantum error correction, and tensor networks—provide new perspectives on quantum gravity, and what insights these information-theoretic approaches offer compared to traditional approaches."
    }
  }],
  completionMessage: "Congratulations! You've successfully completed the Theoretical Physics scenario, demonstrating exceptional mastery of advanced scientific concepts and communication skills. Your responses showed sophisticated understanding of complex physics theories, ability to compare competing frameworks, and skill in communicating abstract multidimensional concepts with remarkable precision and clarity. You effectively employed specialized scientific vocabulary and complex grammatical structures appropriate for high-level academic discourse in theoretical physics. This exercise showcased your ability to navigate cutting-edge scientific topics, evaluate evidence critically, and articulate nuanced perspectives with exceptional fluency—all essential skills for mastery-level English communication in advanced scientific contexts.",
  learningObjectives: ["Demonstrate mastery of advanced theoretical physics concepts and terminology", "Compare and evaluate competing scientific frameworks with nuanced analysis", "Articulate complex mathematical relationships using precise language", "Navigate philosophical dimensions of scientific theories with sophistication", "Communicate abstract multidimensional concepts with exceptional clarity", "Synthesize information across different theoretical domains", "Evaluate the empirical status of theoretical frameworks", "Structure complex scientific arguments with logical progression and coherence"],
  grammar: {
    points: ["Complex sentences with multiple subordinate clauses for elaborate scientific exposition", "Sophisticated conditional structures for theoretical scenarios and hypotheticals", "Advanced passive constructions for scientific objectivity", "Complex noun phrases with multiple specialized modifiers", "Nuanced hedging language for appropriate scientific tentativeness", "Varied connectives for building sophisticated argumentative structures", "Precise use of modal verbs for expressing scientific possibility and necessity"]
  }
});
var _default = exports.default = theoreticalPhysics;
//# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,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