8c52afffa6d817a95672af8ac3e6037a
Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", {
  value: true
});
exports.default = void 0;
function cov_14m6ohsagm() {
  var path = "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C1\\scenarios\\financialConsulting.js";
  var hash = "c87e70209118a79c1e6a82619a22502dc717fec8";
  var global = new Function("return this")();
  var gcv = "__coverage__";
  var coverageData = {
    path: "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C1\\scenarios\\financialConsulting.js",
    statementMap: {
      "0": {
        start: {
          line: 3,
          column: 28
        },
        end: {
          line: 155,
          column: 1
        }
      }
    },
    fnMap: {},
    branchMap: {},
    s: {
      "0": 0
    },
    f: {},
    b: {},
    _coverageSchema: "1a1c01bbd47fc00a2c39e90264f33305004495a9",
    hash: "c87e70209118a79c1e6a82619a22502dc717fec8"
  };
  var coverage = global[gcv] || (global[gcv] = {});
  if (!coverage[path] || coverage[path].hash !== hash) {
    coverage[path] = coverageData;
  }
  var actualCoverage = coverage[path];
  {
    cov_14m6ohsagm = function () {
      return actualCoverage;
    };
  }
  return actualCoverage;
}
cov_14m6ohsagm();
var financialConsulting = (cov_14m6ohsagm().s[0]++, {
  id: 10,
  title: "Financial Consulting",
  level: "C1",
  description: "Conduct a sophisticated financial consultation, demonstrating the ability to communicate complex financial concepts clearly, analyze client situations comprehensively, address concerns empathetically, and provide well-reasoned recommendations with appropriate financial and investment terminology.",
  estimatedTime: "35-40 minutes",
  vocabulary: ["asset allocation", "diversification", "risk tolerance", "time horizon", "tax-efficient investing", "portfolio rebalancing", "compound interest", "capital appreciation", "liquidity constraints", "retirement distribution", "fiduciary responsibility", "tax-loss harvesting", "estate planning", "sequence of return risk", "dollar-cost averaging", "inflation-adjusted return", "risk-adjusted performance", "opportunity cost", "behavioral finance", "sector rotation"],
  steps: [{
    id: 1,
    botMessage: "Thank you for meeting with me today. I'm approaching retirement in about five years and need help developing a comprehensive financial strategy. I've been saving diligently—I have approximately $850,000 in my employer's 401(k), $220,000 in a brokerage account, and we've paid off our home, which is worth about $600,000. My wife and I want to travel extensively in early retirement while we're still active, but we're concerned about making our money last through what could be a 30-year retirement. We're also worried about the current market volatility and whether we should be adjusting our investments, which are currently 70% in equities. Could you help us develop a retirement strategy that balances these various considerations?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Thank you for sharing this overview of your financial situation. It's clear you've been disciplined with your savings, which has positioned you well for retirement planning. Before developing specific recommendations, I'd like to explore your circumstances and objectives in greater depth to ensure our strategy is comprehensively tailored to your needs. First, regarding your retirement timeline and income needs: While you've mentioned retiring in approximately five years, I'm curious whether you're considering a complete retirement or a phased approach, perhaps involving part-time work initially. This flexibility could significantly impact your withdrawal strategy, particularly during market downturns. Could you also share your anticipated monthly expenses in retirement? Understanding your expected spending, including essential versus discretionary categories, will help us determine a sustainable withdrawal rate. Your desire for extensive travel in early retirement is an important lifestyle goal that will require specific planning for larger withdrawals in the initial retirement phase. Regarding your current financial position: Your accumulated assets of approximately $1.07 million across retirement and brokerage accounts, plus your unencumbered home, provide a strong foundation. However, I'd like to understand more about the specific allocation within your 70% equity position—including geographical diversification, market capitalization exposure, and sector concentrations—as these details will inform any rebalancing recommendations. It would also be helpful to know about any other income sources you anticipate in retirement, such as pensions, rental income, or part-time work, as these would complement your portfolio withdrawals. Concerning your risk tolerance and market concerns: Your current 70% equity allocation suggests moderate to moderately high risk tolerance historically, but it's important to reassess this as you approach retirement. The sequence of returns risk—the danger of experiencing significant market downturns early in retirement—becomes particularly relevant with your five-year horizon. We should discuss implementing a dynamic withdrawal strategy that adjusts based on market performance and potentially creating a dedicated cash buffer for the first 2-3 years of expenses to mitigate this risk. Regarding tax considerations: The distribution between your tax-advantaged 401(k) and taxable brokerage account presents opportunities for tax-efficient withdrawal sequencing. We should explore strategies such as tax bracket management, potential Roth conversions during the window before required minimum distributions begin, and asset location optimization to minimize your lifetime tax burden. For estate planning and protection considerations: While maximizing your retirement lifestyle is clearly important, I'd like to understand if you have specific legacy objectives or individuals you wish to provide for. This would influence both your sustainable withdrawal rate calculations and estate planning recommendations. Based on this broader conversation, we can develop a comprehensive strategy that might include: a dynamic spending policy that adjusts withdrawals based on portfolio performance; a tax-efficient distribution strategy across your various accounts; a glide-path approach to gradually adjust your equity exposure through retirement; and specific travel budgeting for the early, more active phase of your retirement. What additional aspects of your situation would be helpful to discuss as we develop this personalized approach?", "Thank you for sharing this overview of your financial situation. You've clearly been disciplined with your savings approach, which has established a strong foundation for your retirement planning. Before formulating specific recommendations, I'd like to explore several key aspects of your situation more thoroughly to ensure we develop a comprehensive strategy that addresses your particular circumstances. First, regarding your retirement horizon and income requirements: While you've indicated a five-year timeline until retirement, I'm interested in understanding whether you're considering a traditional full retirement or a phased transition involving part-time work initially. This distinction can significantly impact our withdrawal strategy recommendations, particularly in managing sequence of returns risk during market volatility. Additionally, could you share your anticipated monthly expenditure in retirement, ideally categorized between essential and discretionary spending? Understanding your expected withdrawal needs, including how those might vary between your early, more travel-intensive phase and later retirement years, will be crucial for developing a sustainable distribution strategy. Regarding your current financial position: Your accumulated retirement assets of approximately $1.07 million across qualified and taxable accounts, combined with your unencumbered primary residence valued at $600,000, provides a solid foundation. However, I'd like to understand the specific composition of your investment portfolio beyond the 70% equity allocation—including asset class diversification, geographical exposure, sector weightings, and the fixed income duration profile. This granular understanding will help identify potential concentration risks and inform any rebalancing recommendations. It would also be beneficial to discuss any additional income sources you anticipate in retirement, such as Social Security benefits, pensions, annuities, or rental income, as these would complement your portfolio withdrawals and potentially reduce portfolio dependence. Concerning risk management and market volatility: Your current 70% equity allocation suggests a moderately aggressive risk tolerance historically, but we should reassess whether this remains appropriate as you transition into retirement. The five-year window before retirement represents a critical period where sequence of returns risk becomes particularly relevant. We might consider implementing a dynamic asset allocation strategy that gradually adjusts your risk exposure while potentially establishing a dedicated cash reserve or bond ladder to fund 2-3 years of expenses, insulating your early retirement from market volatility. Regarding tax efficiency considerations: The distribution between your tax-deferred 401(k) and taxable brokerage accounts presents opportunities for tax-efficient withdrawal sequencing. We should explore strategies such as tax bracket management, potential Roth conversion opportunities during the window before required minimum distributions begin, tax-loss harvesting in your brokerage account, and optimizing asset location across your various account types. For legacy and protection planning: While maximizing your retirement lifestyle is clearly a priority, I'd like to understand if you have specific legacy objectives or healthcare concerns that should be factored into our planning. These considerations would influence both your sustainable withdrawal rate and our recommendations regarding long-term care planning and estate structure. Based on this broader conversation, we can develop a comprehensive strategy that addresses market volatility concerns while supporting your travel aspirations in early retirement. This would likely include a dynamic withdrawal strategy that adjusts based on market conditions, a tax-efficient distribution approach across your various accounts, and specific budgeting for your active early retirement phase. Does this approach align with your expectations, and what additional aspects of your situation should we discuss?", "Thank you for sharing this overview of your financial situation. You've clearly been disciplined in your savings approach, which has positioned you well for retirement. Before developing specific recommendations, I'd like to explore several aspects of your circumstances more thoroughly to ensure we create a comprehensive strategy tailored to your specific needs. First, regarding your retirement timeline and income requirements: While you've mentioned retiring in approximately five years, I'm interested in understanding whether you're considering a complete retirement or a phased approach with potential part-time work initially. This distinction can significantly impact our withdrawal strategy recommendations. Additionally, could you share your anticipated monthly expenses in retirement, ideally distinguishing between essential needs (housing, healthcare, utilities) and discretionary spending (including your travel aspirations)? Understanding your expected withdrawal needs and how these might fluctuate between your early, travel-focused years and later retirement phases will be crucial for developing a sustainable distribution approach. Your current financial position provides a strong foundation, with approximately $1.07 million in retirement and brokerage assets plus your unencumbered home. However, I'd like to understand more about the specific composition of your investment portfolio beyond the 70% equity allocation—including geographical diversification, sector weightings, and the fixed income component characteristics. This detailed understanding will help identify any concentration risks and inform potential rebalancing recommendations. It would also be valuable to know about additional income sources you anticipate in retirement, such as Social Security benefits, pensions, or other income streams, as these would complement your portfolio withdrawals. Regarding market volatility and risk management: Your current 70% equity allocation suggests a moderate to aggressive risk tolerance historically, but we should reassess whether this remains appropriate as you approach retirement. The five-year window before retirement represents a critical period where sequence of returns risk—the danger of experiencing significant market downturns early in retirement—becomes particularly relevant. We might consider implementing a dynamic asset allocation strategy that gradually reduces equity exposure while potentially establishing a dedicated cash reserve or bond ladder to fund 2-3 years of essential expenses. This approach would help insulate your early retirement from market volatility while maintaining growth potential for your longer-term needs. Concerning tax efficiency: The distribution between your tax-deferred 401(k) and taxable brokerage accounts presents opportunities for tax-efficient withdrawal sequencing. We should explore strategies such as tax bracket management, potential Roth conversion opportunities before required minimum distributions begin, and optimizing asset location across your account types to enhance after-tax returns. For estate and legacy considerations: While maximizing your retirement lifestyle is clearly important, I'd like to understand if you have specific legacy objectives, healthcare concerns, or individuals you wish to provide for. These considerations would influence both your sustainable withdrawal rate calculations and our recommendations regarding estate planning and long-term care strategies. Based on this broader understanding, we can develop a comprehensive approach that balances your desire for extensive early retirement travel with the need for long-term financial sustainability. This would likely include a dynamic withdrawal strategy that adjusts based on market conditions, a tax-efficient distribution approach across your various accounts, and specific budgeting strategies for your active early retirement phase. What additional aspects of your situation would be helpful to discuss as we develop this tailored approach?"],
    hints: "Respond to the client's retirement planning request, demonstrating understanding of their situation while asking relevant questions to gather additional information needed for comprehensive financial advice.",
    expectedKeywords: ["retirement", "strategy", "investment", "market volatility", "expenses", "withdrawal", "risk", "tax", "portfolio", "diversification", "income", "assets"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that comprehensive initial assessment. You've raised important points that I hadn't considered. To answer some of your questions: We're planning for a full retirement in five years with no part-time work. Our estimated monthly expenses would be around $8,000, including about $5,000 for essentials and $3,000 for travel and leisure. We expect to receive approximately $4,000 monthly in combined Social Security benefits. Regarding our investments, our equity holdings are primarily in U.S. large-cap index funds (about 60% of equities), with smaller allocations to international stocks (25%) and small-cap funds (15%). The 30% in fixed income is split between corporate and government bond funds with an average duration of about 7 years. We don't have specific legacy goals beyond potentially helping our two adult children with major expenses if our finances allow. Could you explain more about how we should approach sequence of returns risk given the current market environment?",
      partial: "Thank you for your response. You've touched on some important aspects of retirement planning. Could you expand your analysis to include more specific questions about my financial situation and retirement goals? I'd particularly like to understand how you would approach balancing our desire for early retirement travel with the need to make our money last through a potentially 30-year retirement period.",
      incorrect: "I appreciate your interest in helping with my retirement planning, but I'd like you to provide a more comprehensive response that demonstrates understanding of my financial situation while asking relevant questions to gather the additional information you would need to develop appropriate financial recommendations."
    }
  }, {
    id: 2,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that comprehensive initial assessment. You've raised important points that I hadn't considered. To answer some of your questions: We're planning for a full retirement in five years with no part-time work. Our estimated monthly expenses would be around $8,000, including about $5,000 for essentials and $3,000 for travel and leisure. We expect to receive approximately $4,000 monthly in combined Social Security benefits. Regarding our investments, our equity holdings are primarily in U.S. large-cap index funds (about 60% of equities), with smaller allocations to international stocks (25%) and small-cap funds (15%). The 30% in fixed income is split between corporate and government bond funds with an average duration of about 7 years. We don't have specific legacy goals beyond potentially helping our two adult children with major expenses if our finances allow. Could you explain more about how we should approach sequence of returns risk given the current market environment?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Thank you for providing that additional context about your retirement plans and current portfolio. The information about your anticipated expenses, Social Security benefits, and investment allocation is particularly helpful for addressing your question about sequence of returns risk, which is indeed one of the most critical factors to manage as you approach retirement. Sequence of returns risk refers to the heightened vulnerability you face to market downturns in the years immediately before and after retirement. Unlike during the accumulation phase, when market declines presented buying opportunities through dollar-cost averaging, experiencing significant market downturns early in retirement can permanently impair your portfolio's sustainability. This occurs because withdrawals during down markets force the liquidation of more shares, creating a negative compounding effect that your portfolio may never recover from, even if markets subsequently perform well. This risk is particularly relevant in the current environment, characterized by elevated market valuations, rising interest rates, and economic uncertainties. To mitigate sequence risk given your five-year retirement horizon, I recommend a multi-faceted approach: First, I suggest implementing a liability-matching strategy by establishing a 3-5 year cash and short-term fixed income buffer. With your essential expenses at $5,000 monthly and $4,000 covered by Social Security, you'd need approximately $1,000 monthly from your portfolio for essentials, plus your $3,000 discretionary spending. This suggests creating a buffer of approximately $240,000 ($4,000 × 12 months × 5 years) in highly liquid, principal-protected investments. This buffer would enable you to avoid selling equities during market downturns in early retirement. Second, I recommend gradually adjusting your asset allocation over the next five years, moderating your equity exposure while ensuring sufficient growth potential for a 30-year retirement horizon. Rather than making an abrupt change, we might implement a glide-path approach, methodically reducing equity exposure from 70% to perhaps 50-55% by retirement, then potentially increasing it slightly in later retirement years—a U-shaped glide path that research suggests may optimize outcomes. Third, I'd suggest enhancing your portfolio's diversification beyond your current allocations. While your international exposure is appropriate, your heavy weighting toward U.S. large-caps creates concentration risk. We might consider introducing allocations to defensive sectors, value-oriented strategies, and potentially alternative investments with lower correlation to traditional markets. This would help reduce portfolio volatility without necessarily sacrificing expected returns. Fourth, I recommend implementing a dynamic withdrawal strategy rather than adhering to a fixed withdrawal percentage. This approach adjusts your discretionary spending based on portfolio performance—moderating withdrawals during market downturns while allowing for higher withdrawals during strong markets. Research indicates this flexibility can significantly enhance portfolio sustainability compared to rigid withdrawal rules. For practical implementation, we might establish clear guardrails that define when to adjust discretionary spending, perhaps reducing travel budgets temporarily following significant market declines while maintaining your essential spending. Fifth, we should optimize the tax efficiency of your withdrawals, potentially prioritizing your taxable brokerage account in early retirement years. This approach preserves the tax-advantaged growth in your 401(k) while providing flexibility to manage your tax brackets. Does this approach to managing sequence risk align with your comfort level? Would you find it acceptable to potentially adjust your travel budget in response to market conditions, particularly in the early retirement years when this risk is most pronounced?", "Thank you for sharing those additional details about your retirement plans and current investment allocation. This information provides valuable context for addressing your question about sequence of returns risk, which is indeed one of the most significant challenges facing near-retirees. Sequence of returns risk refers to the disproportionate impact that market performance in the years immediately before and after retirement has on your portfolio's long-term sustainability. Unlike during your accumulation years, when market declines actually benefited your long-term results through dollar-cost averaging, experiencing significant market downturns in early retirement can create permanent damage to your portfolio's longevity. This occurs because withdrawals during down markets force the liquidation of more investment shares, which aren't available to participate in subsequent recoveries. In the current market environment, characterized by elevated valuations in many asset classes, geopolitical uncertainties, and shifting monetary policy, prudent sequence risk management becomes particularly important with your five-year retirement horizon. To address this risk effectively, I recommend implementing a multi-faceted approach: First, I suggest creating a dedicated liquidity buffer consisting of cash and short-term, high-quality fixed income investments sufficient to cover 3-5 years of your portfolio-dependent expenses. With your $8,000 monthly expenses and $4,000 in Social Security benefits, you'll need approximately $4,000 monthly from your portfolio. This suggests establishing a buffer of around $144,000-$240,000 ($4,000 × 12 months × 3-5 years) in highly liquid, principal-protected investments. This strategy would allow you to avoid selling equities during market downturns in the critical early retirement years. Second, I recommend adjusting your asset allocation through a gradual glide-path approach rather than making abrupt changes. With a 30-year retirement horizon, maintaining growth-oriented investments remains important for inflation protection, but moderating risk as you approach retirement helps address sequence concerns. Research by financial analysts like Michael Kitces and Wade Pfau suggests a 'U-shaped' equity glide path may be optimal—gradually reducing equity exposure to perhaps 50-55% at retirement, then potentially increasing it slightly in later retirement years. Third, within your existing allocation, I'd suggest enhancing diversification beyond your current weightings. While your international exposure at 25% of equities is reasonable, the concentration in U.S. large-caps creates sector and style concentration risk. Consider introducing allocations to assets with lower correlation to traditional stocks—such as REITs, defensive equity sectors, value-oriented strategies, or treasury inflation-protected securities—which can help reduce portfolio volatility without necessarily sacrificing expected returns. Fourth, I recommend implementing a dynamic withdrawal strategy rather than adhering to a rigid spending rule. This approach involves adjusting your discretionary spending based on portfolio performance—moderating withdrawals during and after market downturns while allowing for higher withdrawals during strong markets. With your spending breakdown of $5,000 for essentials and $3,000 for discretionary items like travel, you have significant flexibility to adapt to market conditions—perhaps temporarily scaling back travel plans following significant market declines while maintaining your essential spending. Fifth, we should optimize the tax efficiency of your withdrawals, potentially prioritizing your taxable brokerage account in early retirement years while strategically managing your tax brackets through partial Roth conversions before required minimum distributions begin. Would you be comfortable with this approach to managing sequence risk, particularly the concept of potentially adjusting your travel budget in response to market conditions during the first decade of retirement when this risk is most pronounced?", "Thank you for providing that additional information about your retirement plans and current portfolio. This context helps me address your question about sequence of returns risk more effectively..."],
    hints: "Explain sequence of returns risk in the current market environment and recommend specific strategies to mitigate this risk given the client's situation and five-year retirement horizon.",
    expectedKeywords: ["sequence of returns risk", "market downturn", "withdrawal", "buffer", "asset allocation", "diversification", "glide path", "liquidity", "dynamic withdrawal", "tax efficiency", "volatility", "strategy"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["sequence of returns risk", "market downturn", "withdrawal strategy", "liquidity buffer", "asset allocation adjustment", "glide path approach", "portfolio diversification", "dynamic withdrawal strategy", "tax-efficient withdrawals", "principal-protected investments", "portfolio sustainability"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that clear explanation of sequence of returns risk and the comprehensive mitigation strategies. The idea of creating a cash buffer makes a lot of sense to me, as does the dynamic withdrawal approach. I do have a question about our asset allocation though. You mentioned potentially reducing our equity exposure to 50-55% by retirement. Given that we'll need our portfolio to last potentially 30 years, I'm concerned about being too conservative and not having enough growth. How do you balance reducing risk in the short term against the need for long-term growth to outpace inflation? And should we be making any changes to our portfolio now, given the current market volatility, or wait until we're closer to retirement?",
      partial: "Thank you for addressing sequence of returns risk. Could you develop your response further with more specific recommendations for how we should mitigate this risk given our particular situation and the current market environment? I'd appreciate strategies tailored to our five-year retirement horizon.",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to provide a more direct explanation of sequence of returns risk in the current market environment and offer specific recommendations for how we should approach this risk given our five-year retirement horizon and the details I've shared about our situation."
    }
  }, {
    id: 3,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that clear explanation of sequence of returns risk and the comprehensive mitigation strategies. The idea of creating a cash buffer makes a lot of sense to me, as does the dynamic withdrawal approach. I do have a question about our asset allocation though. You mentioned potentially reducing our equity exposure to 50-55% by retirement. Given that we'll need our portfolio to last potentially 30 years, I'm concerned about being too conservative and not having enough growth. How do you balance reducing risk in the short term against the need for long-term growth to outpace inflation? And should we be making any changes to our portfolio now, given the current market volatility, or wait until we're closer to retirement?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["You've raised an excellent question that addresses the central tension in retirement portfolio planning—balancing short-term sequence risk protection against long-term growth needs. This balancing act is indeed critical for a potentially 30-year retirement horizon where inflation poses a significant threat to your purchasing power over time. Let me address both aspects of your question. Regarding the balance between short-term risk reduction and long-term growth needs: The recommendation to moderate your equity exposure to 50-55% by retirement isn't suggesting a permanently conservative stance, but rather a temporary risk reduction during your most vulnerable period—typically the 5-10 years before and after retirement. Research by financial analysts like Wade Pfau and Michael Kitces has demonstrated that this 'retirement smile' or U-shaped equity glide path often provides optimal results: moderating risk when sequence risk is highest, then gradually increasing equity exposure in later retirement years. This approach acknowledges exactly the concern you've raised—that long-term inflation protection requires meaningful equity exposure throughout retirement. The key insight is that the risk-return trade-off isn't constant throughout retirement—the consequences of portfolio volatility are significantly higher in the years surrounding retirement than they are 15-20 years into retirement. This suggests a dynamic rather than static approach to asset allocation. Moreover, the 50-55% equity allocation recommendation represents your overall portfolio allocation, but we can implement this in a way that maintains higher growth potential. For instance, within that equity allocation, we could emphasize dividend growth stocks, quality factor investments, and other strategies that have historically provided competitive returns with lower volatility. Additionally, the recommended cash buffer strategy actually allows the remainder of your portfolio to maintain a more growth-oriented position, since your near-term spending needs are secured. Concerning whether to make changes now or wait: I generally recommend implementing portfolio adjustments gradually rather than attempting to time market movements, particularly given the unpredictability of short-term market performance. However, the current environment presents a potential opportunity to begin this transition thoughtfully. With your retirement five years away, I would suggest a measured approach that might include: 1) Beginning to build your cash/short-term fixed income buffer systematically over the next 2-3 years, perhaps by directing new contributions toward these assets and selectively harvesting gains from equity positions that may be overvalued. 2) Implementing a systematic rebalancing schedule—perhaps quarterly or semi-annually—to gradually shift toward your target retirement allocation while maintaining disciplined investment practices. 3) Focusing initial adjustments on reducing the most volatile or concentrated positions in your portfolio while maintaining broad market exposure. 4) Potentially implementing tax-loss harvesting strategies in your taxable account during market declines, which can offset future capital gains while repositioning your portfolio. 5) Considering whether intermediate-term bonds might actually present a reasonable value opportunity now after their recent price declines, potentially offering both higher yields and some stability as you approach retirement. This measured approach acknowledges that market timing is notoriously difficult while still taking prudent steps to prepare your portfolio for the transition to retirement. It strikes a balance between protection against potential near-term volatility and maintaining the growth exposure needed for long-term inflation protection. Does this approach address your concerns about balancing short-term risk reduction with long-term growth needs?", "You've raised an excellent question that addresses the central tension in retirement planning—balancing immediate protection against sequence risk while maintaining sufficient growth potential for a multi-decade retirement horizon. This is indeed a sophisticated balancing act that requires nuanced portfolio construction rather than simple conservative shifts. Let me address both parts of your question. Regarding the balance between short-term protection and long-term growth: The recommendation to moderate equity exposure to 50-55% shouldn't be viewed as a permanently conservative stance, but rather as a strategic risk reduction during your most vulnerable period to sequence risk—typically the 5-10 years before and after retirement. Research by retirement experts like Wade Pfau and Michael Kitces has demonstrated that a U-shaped equity glide path often optimizes outcomes: temporarily reducing risk when sequence vulnerability is highest, then gradually increasing equity exposure in later retirement years. This approach directly addresses your concern about maintaining sufficient growth potential over a 30-year horizon while still providing protection when your portfolio is most vulnerable. Several factors make this approach more sophisticated than simply becoming conservative: First, the proposed equity reduction represents your overall portfolio allocation, but the recommended cash buffer strategy creates what we call a 'barbell approach'—with highly conservative assets covering near-term needs while potentially allowing the remainder of your portfolio to maintain more aggressive growth positioning. Second, within the 50-55% equity allocation, we can emphasize investments with stronger growth characteristics—dividend growth stocks, quality factor strategies, and other approaches that have historically delivered competitive returns with lower volatility. Third, this temporary risk reduction acknowledges the mathematical reality that the consequences of portfolio volatility are asymmetric throughout retirement—significantly more damaging in the initial years than later in retirement when time horizon concerns outweigh sequence risk considerations. Regarding whether to make changes now or wait given current market volatility: This decision requires balancing several considerations including valuations, tax implications, and your personal risk tolerance. Rather than making dramatic shifts based on market timing (which research consistently shows is extraordinarily difficult), I generally recommend a systematic, gradual approach to portfolio transitions. With your retirement five years away, I would suggest: 1) Implementing a dollar-cost averaging approach to building your cash/short-term fixed income buffer over the next 2-3 years, directing new contributions toward these assets while selectively harvesting gains from equity positions that may be overvalued or concentrated. 2) Establishing systematic rebalancing protocols—perhaps quarterly—that gradually shift toward your target retirement allocation while maintaining disciplined investment practices regardless of market movements. 3) Prioritizing risk reduction in your most volatile or concentrated positions while maintaining broad market exposure, effectively improving risk-adjusted returns rather than simply reducing expected returns. 4) Utilizing tax-loss harvesting opportunities during market volatility within your taxable account, which can generate tax benefits while repositioning your portfolio toward your retirement allocation. 5) Evaluating whether intermediate-term high-quality bonds actually present reasonable value now after their significant price declines, potentially offering both higher starting yields and some stability as you approach retirement. This measured transition acknowledges that while we can't predict short-term market movements, we can implement a disciplined process that gradually enhances portfolio resilience without sacrificing the long-term growth potential necessary for inflation protection throughout a 30-year retirement horizon. Does this approach address your concerns about balancing near-term protection with long-term growth requirements?", "You've raised an excellent question that addresses the fundamental tension in retirement portfolio planning—balancing short-term protection against sequence risk with the need for long-term growth to fund a multi-decade retirement and combat inflation erosion. Let me address both parts of your question. Regarding the balance between short-term risk reduction and long-term growth needs: The recommendation to moderate equity exposure to 50-55% by retirement represents a strategic risk reduction during your most vulnerable period—typically the 5-10 years before and after retirement—rather than a permanently conservative stance. Research in retirement portfolio science, particularly studies by Wade Pfau and Michael Kitces, has demonstrated that this 'retirement smile' or U-shaped equity glide path often provides optimal results: temporarily reducing risk when sequence vulnerability is highest, then gradually increasing equity exposure in later retirement years as the impact of sequence risk diminishes. This approach acknowledges exactly the concern you've raised—that long-term inflation protection requires meaningful equity exposure throughout retirement. The key insight from this research is that the risk-return tradeoff isn't constant throughout retirement—the consequences of portfolio volatility are significantly more damaging in the years immediately surrounding retirement than they are 15-20 years into your retirement journey. Several aspects of the recommended strategy specifically address your growth concerns: First, the cash buffer approach actually allows the growth-oriented portion of your portfolio to remain more aggressively positioned, since your near-term income needs are secured. This creates what we call a 'barbell strategy'—highly conservative assets for immediate needs coupled with more growth-oriented investments for long-term requirements. Second, within the 50-55% equity allocation, we can emphasize investments with stronger growth characteristics—quality companies with pricing power, dividend growth stocks rather than high current yield, and appropriate international exposure to capture global growth opportunities. Third, this approach recognizes that the primary threat to your long-term purchasing power isn't being slightly too conservative with your equity allocation, but rather the permanent impairment of capital that can occur when forced to sell equities during significant market downturns early in retirement. Concerning whether to make changes now or wait: I generally recommend implementing portfolio transitions systematically rather than attempting to time market movements, particularly given the difficulty of predicting short-term market performance. With your retirement five years away, I would suggest a measured approach that includes: 1) Beginning to build your cash/short-term fixed income buffer methodically over the next 2-3 years, perhaps by directing new contributions toward these assets and selectively harvesting gains from equity positions that may be overvalued or concentrated. 2) Implementing a systematic rebalancing schedule—perhaps quarterly—to gradually move toward your target retirement allocation while maintaining disciplined investment practices. 3) Prioritizing risk reduction in your most volatile or concentrated equity positions first, effectively improving risk-adjusted return potential rather than simply reducing expected returns. 4) Utilizing tax-loss harvesting opportunities during market volatility in your taxable account, which can generate tax benefits while repositioning your portfolio. 5) Evaluating fixed income opportunities thoughtfully, as recent interest rate increases have created potentially attractive starting yields that weren't available in recent years. This measured approach acknowledges that while market timing is notoriously difficult, implementing a disciplined process to gradually enhance portfolio resilience makes sense given your proximity to retirement. It strikes a balance between protection against potential near-term volatility and maintaining the growth exposure needed for long-term inflation protection. Does this approach address your concerns about balancing short-term risk management with long-term growth requirements?"],
    hints: "Explain how to balance short-term sequence risk protection with long-term growth needs for a 30-year retirement horizon, and provide recommendations about portfolio adjustments given current market conditions.",
    expectedKeywords: ["balance", "equity", "growth", "inflation", "sequence risk", "glide path", "gradual", "adjustment", "buffer", "volatility", "rebalancing", "tax-loss harvesting"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that thorough explanation. The idea of a U-shaped equity glide path makes a lot of sense—I hadn't considered that we could increase our equity allocation later in retirement. Your suggested approach of making gradual adjustments rather than trying to time the market also resonates with me. I have one more question about tax planning. Given that most of our savings are in tax-deferred accounts, how should we think about tax-efficient withdrawals in retirement? I've heard about Roth conversions but don't fully understand how they might benefit us in our situation.",
      partial: "Thank you for your response. Could you elaborate further on how we should balance short-term sequence risk protection with the need for long-term growth over a 30-year retirement horizon? I'd also appreciate more specific recommendations about whether we should be making portfolio adjustments now given current market volatility.",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on explaining how to balance short-term sequence risk protection with long-term growth needs for a 30-year retirement horizon, and provide recommendations about whether we should make portfolio adjustments now given current market conditions."
    }
  }, {
    id: 4,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that thorough explanation. The idea of a U-shaped equity glide path makes a lot of sense—I hadn't considered that we could increase our equity allocation later in retirement. Your suggested approach of making gradual adjustments rather than trying to time the market also resonates with me. I have one more question about tax planning. Given that most of our savings are in tax-deferred accounts, how should we think about tax-efficient withdrawals in retirement? I've heard about Roth conversions but don't fully understand how they might benefit us in our situation.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["You've raised a crucial aspect of retirement planning that can significantly impact your after-tax wealth. With approximately $850,000 in your 401(k) and $220,000 in your brokerage account, implementing tax-efficient withdrawal strategies will be essential for maximizing your retirement resources. Let me explain several approaches that could benefit your specific situation. First, let's consider the fundamental tax-efficient withdrawal sequencing strategy. Generally, it's advantageous to withdraw from accounts in this order: 1) Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) from tax-deferred accounts (which will begin at age 72) 2) Taxable accounts (your brokerage investments) 3) Tax-deferred accounts (your 401(k)) 4) Tax-free accounts (Roth IRAs, if you establish any through conversions) This sequencing leverages the preferential tax treatment of long-term capital gains in your taxable account and maximizes tax-deferred growth in your retirement accounts. However, this general framework should be customized based on your specific circumstances and tax situation each year. Regarding Roth conversions, these could indeed be particularly beneficial in your case. Here's why: You have a valuable opportunity window between your retirement (in five years) and the beginning of RMDs (likely 7-8 years later). During this period, your taxable income may be lower, creating an opportunity to convert portions of your 401(k) to Roth accounts at potentially lower tax rates. When executed strategically, Roth conversions can provide several significant benefits: 1) Tax bracket management: By filling lower tax brackets with conversion income each year, you can potentially reduce the total lifetime tax burden on your retirement savings. 2) RMD avoidance: Roth accounts are not subject to RMDs during the owner's lifetime, giving you greater control over your taxable income in later retirement years. 3) Tax-free growth: All future growth on converted amounts would be tax-free, which becomes increasingly valuable over time. 4) Tax-free inheritance: If leaving legacy assets is important to you, Roth accounts provide significant advantages for beneficiaries, who can receive distributions tax-free. For your specific situation, I would recommend developing a year-by-year tax projection through your early retirement years that identifies opportunities for partial Roth conversions. The ideal conversion amount each year would typically fill the remainder of your current tax bracket without pushing you into a significantly higher bracket. For example, if your retirement income (Social Security, dividends, etc.) places you in the 12% bracket with some room remaining before reaching the 22% bracket threshold, converting enough to fill that remaining 12% bracket space could be highly advantageous. Additionally, several complementary tax planning strategies could enhance your overall situation: 1) Asset location optimization: Ensuring your least tax-efficient investments (such as those generating ordinary income or short-term capital gains) are held in tax-advantaged accounts, while more tax-efficient investments are positioned in your taxable account. 2) Tax-loss harvesting: Systematically realizing losses in your taxable account to offset gains and potentially up to $3,000 of ordinary income annually. 3) Qualified Charitable Distributions: Once you reach age 70½, directing distributions from your IRA directly to qualified charities can satisfy charitable goals while excluding those amounts from your taxable income. 4) Strategic Social Security claiming: Coordinating your Social Security claiming strategy with your tax planning can further optimize your after-tax retirement income. Would you like me to develop a more detailed year-by-year illustration of how Roth conversions might work in your specific situation, including potential tax savings estimates?", "You've raised an important aspect of retirement planning that can have a substantial impact on your after-tax wealth. With the majority of your savings in tax-deferred accounts, implementing strategic tax planning will be crucial for maximizing your retirement resources. Let me explain several approaches that could benefit your specific situation, including how Roth conversions might play a valuable role. First, let's consider the fundamental principle of tax-efficient withdrawal sequencing. Generally, it's most advantageous to withdraw from accounts in this order: 1) Required Minimum Distributions (RMDs) from tax-deferred accounts (which will begin at age 72) 2) Taxable accounts (your brokerage investments) 3) Tax-deferred accounts (your 401(k)) 4) Tax-free accounts (Roth accounts, if you establish any through conversions) This sequencing leverages the preferential tax treatment of qualified dividends and long-term capital gains in your taxable account while maximizing tax-deferred growth potential. However, rigid adherence to this framework could result in suboptimal outcomes. A more sophisticated approach involves actively managing your taxable income each year to optimize your lifetime tax burden. Regarding Roth conversions specifically, these could be particularly beneficial in your situation for several reasons. First, you have what we call a 'tax valley' opportunity—the period between your retirement (in five years) and when Required Minimum Distributions begin (likely 7-8 years later). During this window, your taxable income may be significantly lower than either your working years or your later retirement years after RMDs begin. This creates an opportunity to convert portions of your tax-deferred savings to Roth accounts at potentially lower tax rates. When executed strategically, Roth conversions can provide several significant benefits: 1) Tax bracket management: By methodically filling lower tax brackets with conversion income during your early retirement years, you can potentially reduce the total lifetime tax burden on your retirement savings. This becomes increasingly valuable as RMDs from your substantial 401(k) balance could potentially push you into higher tax brackets later in retirement. 2) RMD avoidance: Roth accounts are not subject to RMDs during the owner's lifetime, giving you greater control over your taxable income in later retirement years. This flexibility can help manage Medicare premium surcharges (IRMAA) and taxation of Social Security benefits, which are both tied to your reported income. 3) Tax-free growth: All future growth on converted amounts would be completely tax-free, which becomes increasingly valuable over longer time horizons. 4) Tax diversification: Creating a mix of account types (taxable, tax-deferred, and tax-free) provides greater flexibility to manage taxable income throughout retirement. 5) Estate planning advantages: If leaving assets to your adult children is important, Roth accounts provide significant advantages for beneficiaries, who can receive distributions tax-free (though they would be subject to the 10-year distribution rule under current legislation). For implementation, I would recommend developing a year-by-year tax projection through your early retirement years that identifies opportunities for partial Roth conversions. The ideal approach typically involves converting enough each year to 'fill up' lower tax brackets without pushing yourself into significantly higher brackets. For example, if your retirement income (Social Security, dividends, etc.) places you in the 12% federal bracket with space remaining before reaching the 22% bracket threshold, converting enough to fill that remaining 12% bracket space could be advantageous. To complement these Roth conversion strategies, several additional tax planning approaches could enhance your overall situation: 1) Asset location optimization: Ensuring your least tax-efficient investments are held in tax-advantaged accounts, while more tax-efficient investments are positioned in your taxable account. 2) Tax-loss harvesting: Systematically realizing losses in your taxable account to offset gains and potentially up to $3,000 of ordinary income annually. 3) Charitable giving strategies: If philanthropy is important to you, techniques like Qualified Charitable Distributions or donor-advised funds can provide tax benefits while supporting your charitable goals. Would you like me to develop a more specific illustration of how Roth conversions might work in your situation based on estimated tax brackets and potential conversion amounts?", "You've raised an important aspect of retirement planning that can significantly impact your after-tax wealth..."],
    hints: "Explain tax-efficient withdrawal strategies for retirement, focusing on the client's tax-deferred heavy portfolio, and detail how Roth conversions could benefit their specific situation.",
    expectedKeywords: ["tax-efficient", "withdrawals", "Roth conversion", "tax-deferred", "Required Minimum Distributions", "RMDs", "tax bracket", "strategic", "conversion", "tax-free", "income", "sequencing"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["tax-efficient withdrawal", "Roth conversions", "tax bracket management", "Required Minimum Distributions", "tax-deferred accounts", "opportunity window", "tax-free growth", "withdrawal sequencing", "tax diversification", "strategic planning", "after-tax wealth"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that clear explanation of tax planning strategies. The concept of using the 'tax valley' years between retirement and RMDs for Roth conversions makes a lot of sense. I hadn't considered the potential impact of RMDs pushing us into higher tax brackets later in retirement. This comprehensive approach to retirement planning has been extremely helpful. I now have a much better understanding of how to balance sequence risk protection with long-term growth needs, and how to implement tax-efficient strategies for our withdrawals. Your explanations were clear and your recommendations seem well-tailored to our specific situation. We'll definitely want to implement a more detailed plan incorporating these strategies as we get closer to retirement.",
      partial: "Thanks for explaining some tax planning concepts. Could you provide more specific information about how Roth conversions might benefit our particular situation given that most of our savings are in tax-deferred accounts? I'd also appreciate more details about tax-efficient withdrawal strategies for retirement.",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on explaining tax-efficient withdrawal strategies for retirement, particularly given our tax-deferred heavy portfolio, and provide more specific details about how Roth conversions might benefit our situation."
    }
  }, {
    id: 5,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that clear explanation of tax planning strategies. The concept of using the 'tax valley' years between retirement and RMDs for Roth conversions makes a lot of sense. I hadn't considered the potential impact of RMDs pushing us into higher tax brackets later in retirement. This comprehensive approach to retirement planning has been extremely helpful. I now have a much better understanding of how to balance sequence risk protection with long-term growth needs, and how to implement tax-efficient strategies for our withdrawals. Your explanations were clear and your recommendations seem well-tailored to our specific situation. We'll definitely want to implement a more detailed plan incorporating these strategies as we get closer to retirement.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["I'm delighted that the strategies and explanations have been helpful in clarifying these complex retirement planning concepts. You're absolutely right that developing a more detailed implementation plan as you approach retirement will be valuable. Based on our discussion today, let me summarize the key components of a comprehensive retirement strategy that addresses the primary concerns you've raised. For retirement income planning and sequence risk management: • Implementing a dynamic withdrawal strategy that adjusts spending, particularly discretionary expenses like travel, based on market performance • Creating a 3-5 year cash/short-term fixed income buffer to protect against the need to sell equities during market downturns • Gradually adjusting your asset allocation toward a more balanced position by retirement, with the possibility of increasing equity exposure in later retirement years • Enhancing portfolio diversification while maintaining sufficient growth orientation for a 30-year retirement horizon For tax optimization: • Utilizing the 'tax valley' years between retirement and RMDs to execute strategic Roth conversions • Implementing tax-efficient withdrawal sequencing across your various account types • Considering asset location strategies to position investments in the most tax-advantageous accounts • Proactively managing tax brackets throughout retirement to minimize lifetime tax burden As you move toward implementation, I would suggest developing this strategy in greater detail through several key steps: 1. Creating a year-by-year retirement projection that maps out anticipated income, expenses, account balances, and tax situations through various market scenarios 2. Establishing specific target allocations for each account, with a clear transition plan over the next five years 3. Developing a detailed Social Security claiming strategy that coordinates with your tax planning 4. Implementing a systematic monitoring process to regularly evaluate whether adjustments are needed based on market performance, legislative changes, or evolving personal circumstances 5. Reviewing your estate planning documents to ensure they align with your overall financial strategy I'm also cognizant that financial planning isn't solely about numbers and strategies—it's ultimately about using your resources to support a fulfilling retirement lifestyle. As you continue refining your plan, I'd encourage you to think deeply about your vision for retirement beyond the financial aspects—what activities, relationships, and experiences will bring you satisfaction and meaning during this new chapter. Would you find it valuable to schedule a follow-up session in 3-6 months to begin developing the more detailed implementation plan you mentioned? This would give you time to consider the strategies we've discussed while still maintaining plenty of runway before your anticipated retirement in five years. Additionally, is there any specific aspect of what we've discussed today that you'd like me to provide additional resources or information about to support your planning process?", "I'm pleased that these explanations have resonated with you and provided clarity on these complex retirement planning concepts. Your quick grasp of these strategies speaks to your financial sophistication. You're absolutely right that developing a more detailed implementation plan as you approach retirement will be valuable. Based on our conversation today, let me summarize the key components of a comprehensive retirement strategy that addresses the primary concerns you've raised. For managing sequence of returns risk while maintaining growth potential: • Implementing a liability-matching strategy with a 3-5 year cash/short-term fixed income buffer to protect against the need to sell equities during market downturns • Gradually adjusting your asset allocation through a glide-path approach that moderates risk during your most vulnerable years while maintaining sufficient growth exposure for a 30-year retirement horizon • Enhancing portfolio diversification beyond your current allocations to reduce volatility without sacrificing expected returns • Adopting a dynamic withdrawal strategy that adjusts discretionary spending based on portfolio performance, particularly for your travel plans in early retirement For tax-efficient distribution planning: • Strategically executing Roth conversions during the 'tax valley' years between retirement and RMDs • Implementing tax-efficient withdrawal sequencing across your various account types • Proactively managing tax brackets throughout retirement to minimize your lifetime tax burden • Considering complementary strategies like asset location optimization and tax-loss harvesting As you move from planning toward implementation over the next five years, I would suggest several specific next steps: 1. Establishing a systematic approach to building your cash/fixed income buffer while market conditions and your specific tax situation dictate the optimal timing and sources for these funds 2. Developing a year-by-year retirement projection with Monte Carlo analysis to stress-test your plan against various market scenarios, ensuring the high probability of success necessary for your peace of mind 3. Creating a detailed tax projection through your first 10-15 years of retirement to identify optimal Roth conversion opportunities and withdrawal sequencing 4. Reviewing your estate planning documents and beneficiary designations to ensure alignment with your overall financial strategy I'm particularly encouraged by your interest in balancing fundamental retirement security with your aspirations for extensive travel in early retirement. This holistic perspective—addressing both essential needs and meaningful lifestyle goals—provides the foundation for a truly successful retirement plan. As you continue developing your strategy, you might consider creating a more detailed vision of your travel aspirations, perhaps prioritizing destinations based on physical demands or seasonality considerations. This could inform a more nuanced budgeting approach that aligns your financial strategy with your specific lifestyle objectives. Would you find it valuable to schedule a follow-up session in the coming months to begin developing the more detailed implementation plan you mentioned? This would give you time to reflect on the strategies we've discussed while still maintaining ample runway before your anticipated retirement. Additionally, is there any specific aspect of what we've covered today that you'd like me to provide additional resources or clarification about to support your ongoing planning process?", "I'm delighted that our discussion has provided clarity on these important retirement planning concepts. You're absolutely right that implementing a more detailed plan as you approach retirement will be valuable—the five-year window you have provides an ideal timeframe for methodical implementation without rushing key decisions. Based on our conversation, let me summarize the integrated retirement strategy we've discussed that addresses your primary concerns. For balancing sequence risk protection with long-term growth potential: • Creating a 3-5 year cash/short-term fixed income buffer to insulate your early retirement withdrawals from market volatility • Implementing a U-shaped equity glide path that temporarily reduces risk during your most vulnerable period while maintaining sufficient growth exposure for a 30-year time horizon • Enhancing portfolio diversification beyond your current allocations, with particular attention to reducing concentration in U.S. large-cap stocks • Adopting a dynamic withdrawal strategy that adjusts travel and other discretionary spending based on portfolio performance, particularly in early retirement For tax-efficient distribution planning: • Utilizing the 'tax valley' years between retirement and RMDs to execute strategic Roth conversions • Implementing tax-efficient withdrawal sequencing that optimizes the use of your taxable, tax-deferred, and potentially tax-free accounts • Proactively managing tax brackets throughout retirement to minimize your lifetime tax burden • Coordinating these tax strategies with your Social Security claiming decisions As you move toward implementation, I would suggest developing this strategy through several concrete steps: 1. Creating a systematic plan for building your cash/fixed income buffer over the next 2-3 years, identifying specific sources (new savings, rebalancing, etc.) and vehicles (high-yield savings, short-term bond funds, etc.) 2. Developing a detailed tax projection through your first 10-15 years of retirement to identify optimal Roth conversion opportunities and quantify the potential long-term tax savings 3. Establishing a specific target asset allocation for your retirement date with a clear transition plan over the next five years 4. Reviewing your current investment holdings across all accounts to identify opportunities for improving diversification and tax-efficiency 5. Creating a retirement budget that distinguishes essential expenses from discretionary spending, with particular attention to your travel aspirations in early retirement This comprehensive approach addresses both the foundational elements of retirement security and the optimization strategies that can enhance your outcomes. What makes your situation particularly favorable is the combination of strong savings, mortgage-free housing, clear retirement goals, and adequate time to implement these strategies methodically. Would you find it valuable to schedule a follow-up session in 3-6 months to begin developing the more detailed implementation plan you mentioned? This would give you time to consider the strategies we've discussed while still maintaining sufficient runway before your anticipated retirement. Additionally, is there any specific aspect of what we've covered today that you'd like me to provide additional resources or clarification about to support your ongoing planning process?"],
    hints: "Provide a concluding summary of the retirement planning recommendations, emphasizing key strategies discussed, next steps for implementation, and an offer for continued support.",
    expectedKeywords: ["summary", "strategy", "implementation", "next steps", "sequence risk", "tax optimization", "Roth conversion", "asset allocation", "buffer", "withdrawal", "follow-up", "planning"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for this excellent summary and for offering continued support. You've given us a clear roadmap for developing our retirement strategy, and I appreciate the way you've integrated all aspects of our financial situation. I would definitely like to schedule a follow-up session in about 3 months to start working on a more detailed implementation plan. Before then, if you could provide some resources about Roth conversion strategies and perhaps a checklist of pre-retirement steps to consider, that would be very helpful. Again, thank you for your expert guidance today.",
      partial: "Thank you for summarizing our discussion. Could you expand your response to include more specific next steps for implementing these retirement strategies and perhaps suggest how we might continue working together as we approach retirement?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to provide a more comprehensive concluding summary of the retirement planning recommendations we've discussed, with emphasis on key strategies, specific next steps for implementation, and how you might continue to support us as we approach retirement."
    }
  }],
  completionMessage: "Congratulations! You've successfully completed the Financial Consulting scenario, demonstrating advanced language proficiency through your sophisticated financial analysis and advice. Your responses reflected nuanced understanding of retirement planning, investment strategies, tax considerations, and risk management. You effectively employed specialized financial vocabulary and complex grammatical structures appropriate for professional financial consulting. This exercise showcased your ability to analyze complex financial situations, communicate technical concepts clearly, respond to client concerns, and develop comprehensive recommendations—all essential skills for advanced English communication in financial and professional contexts.",
  learningObjectives: ["Communicate complex financial concepts with clarity and precision", "Analyze client situations comprehensively using appropriate financial frameworks", "Develop well-reasoned financial recommendations tailored to specific circumstances", "Respond effectively to financial questions and concerns", "Balance technical accuracy with accessible explanations", "Address both practical and emotional aspects of financial planning", "Use specialized financial and investment vocabulary appropriately", "Structure coherent financial analysis with clear supporting points"],
  grammar: {
    points: ["Complex sentences with multiple subordinate clauses for detailed financial explanations", "Conditional structures for discussing financial scenarios and alternatives", "Passive voice constructions for describing financial processes and market dynamics", "Hedging language for expressing appropriate certainty in financial projections", "Complex noun phrases with multiple modifiers for financial precision", "Comparative structures for evaluating investment alternatives", "Varied transitional phrases for structuring financial arguments and advice"]
  }
});
var _default = exports.default = financialConsulting;
//# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,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