2774aeb5a325c6de41396d8741c50a9b
Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", {
  value: true
});
exports.default = void 0;
var diplomaticNegotiation = {
  id: 5,
  title: "Diplomatic Negotiation",
  level: "C1",
  description: "Participate in a complex diplomatic negotiation requiring sophisticated language skills to articulate national interests, respond to competing demands, propose creative solutions, and navigate sensitive international relations with appropriate diplomacy and tact.",
  estimatedTime: "35-40 minutes",
  vocabulary: ["bilateral agreement", "concession", "consensus", "diplomatic channels", "draft resolution", "implementation mechanism", "multilateral framework", "non-interference", "principled position", "diplomatic protocol", "stakeholders", "sovereignty", "mutual understanding", "provisional arrangement", "diplomatic immunity", "reciprocity", "ratification", "memorandum of understanding", "mediation", "arbitration"],
  steps: [{
    id: 1,
    botMessage: "Welcome to this high-level diplomatic negotiation between Veridian and Azuria regarding shared water resources of the Luminar River Basin. As Veridian's lead negotiator, could you please open our talks by outlining your country's key interests and concerns regarding this transboundary water management issue, while acknowledging Azuria's perspectives?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Thank you, Your Excellency, for convening this important dialogue. On behalf of Veridian, allow me to express our sincere appreciation for Azuria's willingness to engage in these negotiations concerning the Luminar River Basin, a critical shared resource that has sustained both our nations for generations. Veridian approaches these talks with a firm commitment to establishing a sustainable, equitable framework for water management that respects both countries' legitimate needs and sovereign rights. Our primary interests in these negotiations center on several interconnected concerns. First, securing reliable water access for our agricultural sector, which employs nearly 30% of our population and contributes significantly to our food security. The recent construction of upstream water infrastructure has corresponded with a 15% reduction in downstream flow during dry seasons, creating considerable challenges for our farming communities. Second, maintaining the ecological integrity of the lower basin, which harbors several endangered species and wetlands of international importance under the Ramsar Convention. These ecosystems require minimum flow levels that have not been consistently maintained in recent years. Third, establishing transparent data-sharing protocols regarding water quality, reservoir levels, and projected usage to enable both nations to implement effective planning measures. Fourth, developing joint governance mechanisms with clear dispute resolution procedures to address emerging challenges collaboratively rather than unilaterally. We recognize that Azuria has legitimate interests that must be addressed in any sustainable agreement. We acknowledge your country's growing energy needs and understand that hydroelectric development represents an important component of your transition to renewable energy sources. We also appreciate Azuria's concerns regarding flood management and the substantial investments made in water infrastructure. Veridian enters these negotiations with the conviction that our interests, while distinct, are not inherently incompatible. Historical analysis demonstrates that cooperative water management generates significantly greater benefits for all riparian states compared to unilateral approaches. We believe that by focusing on mutual gains rather than zero-sum calculations, we can establish arrangements that enhance water security for both our nations. In this spirit, we look forward to exploring creative solutions that address our shared challenges while respecting the sovereign rights and development priorities of both Veridian and Azuria.", "Your Excellency, I would like to begin by thanking you for facilitating this crucial dialogue between our nations on the management of the Luminar River Basin. Veridian values its long-standing relationship with Azuria and approaches these negotiations with sincere commitment to finding mutually beneficial solutions to our shared water challenges. The Luminar River has historically been a source of prosperity and development for both our nations, and we firmly believe that through diplomatic engagement and principled cooperation, it can continue to sustain our communities for generations to come. Veridian's position in these negotiations is guided by several fundamental interests that reflect both our national priorities and our commitment to international water law principles, particularly the equitable utilization doctrine established in the UN Watercourses Convention. First, ensuring sufficient water quantity and quality for our agricultural sector, which accounts for approximately 40% of employment in our northern provinces and constitutes a cornerstone of our rural economy. Recent hydrological data indicates a concerning 22% reduction in dry-season flow over the past five years, coinciding with upstream infrastructure development. Second, protecting the ecological health of the basin, particularly the Meridian Wetlands, which provide critical ecosystem services and biodiversity conservation. These wetlands require minimum environmental flows of approximately 400 million cubic meters annually to maintain their ecological functions. Third, establishing predictable water allocation mechanisms that accommodate seasonal variability and long-term climate change projections, which indicate a 15-20% reduction in annual precipitation across the basin by mid-century. Fourth, creating robust institutional frameworks for ongoing cooperation, including regular technical exchanges, joint monitoring systems, and effective dispute resolution procedures. We recognize and respect Azuria's significant interests in the basin, including your hydroelectric development program which supports your commendable transition toward renewable energy. We also acknowledge your concerns regarding flood management in urban areas and the substantial investments your government has made in water storage infrastructure. Veridian approaches these negotiations with the understanding that water diplomacy succeeds when we move beyond zero-sum thinking toward identifying mutual gains. We believe that through creative problem-solving and a commitment to equity, we can develop arrangements that enhance water security, economic prosperity, and environmental sustainability for both our nations. We look forward to engaging constructively with your delegation to explore solutions that respect both countries' legitimate needs and sovereign rights while establishing sustainable management of our shared water resources.", "Thank you, Your Excellency, for convening these important negotiations. I am honored to represent Veridian in this dialogue concerning the management of the Luminar River Basin, a resource of immense ecological, economic, and cultural significance to both our nations. Veridian approaches these talks with a genuine commitment to finding solutions that address the legitimate interests of both countries while ensuring the sustainable management of our shared hydrological resources for future generations. Allow me to outline Veridian's key interests and concerns, which we believe can be addressed through collaborative and equitable arrangements. Firstly, Veridian's agricultural sector, which accounts for 35% of our GDP and sustains livelihoods across our northern regions, has experienced increasing water stress due to diminished downstream flows. Hydrological data indicates a reduction of approximately 20% in dry-season flow over the past decade, creating significant challenges for irrigation systems that support over 200,000 smallholder farmers. Secondly, we are deeply concerned about maintaining the ecological integrity of the Lower Luminar Delta, which hosts globally significant biodiversity and provides essential ecosystem services to communities on both sides of our shared border. Recent environmental assessments indicate that reduced freshwater inputs have accelerated saltwater intrusion and degraded critical habitats. Thirdly, Veridian seeks to establish predictable and transparent water allocation mechanisms that account for both current needs and future challenges, including population growth and climate change projections. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change forecasts increased precipitation variability in our region, potentially exacerbating both drought and flood risks. Fourthly, we aim to develop robust institutional frameworks for ongoing cooperation, including joint monitoring systems, regular data exchange, and effective dispute resolution procedures to address emerging challenges before they escalate. We recognize that Azuria has legitimate interests in the basin that must be respected in any sustainable agreement. We acknowledge your nation's energy security concerns and understand that hydroelectric development represents a key component of your renewable energy transition. We also appreciate Azuria's significant investments in water infrastructure for flood control and the imperative to protect urban centers from seasonal flooding. Veridian firmly believes that the principles of equitable utilization and reasonable harm prevention, as established in international water law, provide a strong foundation for our negotiations. Research consistently demonstrates that cooperative management of transboundary waters yields greater benefits for all riparian states compared to unilateral approaches. By focusing on expanding the range of benefits derived from our shared waters—beyond volumetric allocation to include energy production, ecosystem services, and flood management—we can develop arrangements that serve both our nations' vital interests. We look forward to engaging constructively with your delegation to forge solutions that respect our mutual sovereignty while establishing sustainable governance of the Luminar Basin."],
    hints: "Present Veridian's key interests and concerns regarding the shared river basin, acknowledging Azuria's perspective and demonstrating diplomatic language and awareness of water management issues.",
    expectedKeywords: ["interests", "concerns", "water", "river", "basin", "agricultural", "ecological", "cooperation", "governance", "acknowledge", "sustainable", "framework"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that comprehensive opening statement. You've clearly articulated Veridian's interests while acknowledging Azuria's concerns. I appreciate your constructive approach. From Azuria's perspective, our primary concern is energy security. The hydroelectric projects on the Luminar River currently supply 40% of our national electricity, critical for our industrial development and reducing carbon emissions. How might we address your concerns about reduced downstream flow while protecting our essential energy production?",
      partial: "Thank you for your opening remarks. You've touched on some important points regarding Veridian's position. Could you expand further on your specific interests regarding the river basin while also acknowledging Azuria's perspective on this transboundary issue?",
      incorrect: "Thank you for your statement. However, I'd like you to more clearly articulate Veridian's specific interests and concerns regarding the shared water resources, while also acknowledging Azuria's perspective on this important transboundary issue."
    }
  }, {
    id: 2,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that comprehensive opening statement. You've clearly articulated Veridian's interests while acknowledging Azuria's concerns. I appreciate your constructive approach. From Azuria's perspective, our primary concern is energy security. The hydroelectric projects on the Luminar River currently supply 40% of our national electricity, critical for our industrial development and reducing carbon emissions. How might we address your concerns about reduced downstream flow while protecting our essential energy production?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Thank you for articulating Azuria's energy security concerns, which we recognize as a legitimate national priority. Finding solutions that ensure both adequate downstream flow for Veridian's needs and reliable energy production for Azuria is indeed at the heart of our challenge. We believe several complementary approaches could help address this apparent tension between our respective priorities. First, we could explore optimized reservoir operation protocols that align release schedules more closely with both downstream agricultural needs and power generation requirements. Technical studies suggest that modified timing of releases—without necessarily changing annual volumes—could significantly mitigate impacts on our agricultural sector during critical growing periods while maintaining energy production capacities. This would require enhanced coordination and data-sharing between our water and energy authorities, but could yield immediate benefits without major infrastructure investments. Second, we propose establishing seasonal minimum flow guarantees that vary according to ecological and agricultural requirements throughout the year, while providing Azuria with flexibility regarding how to manage reservoir operations above these thresholds. This approach acknowledges Azuria's sovereignty over its infrastructure while ensuring basic flow predictability that Veridian's farmers and ecosystems require. Third, we suggest exploring collaborative investments in energy efficiency and grid interconnection that could potentially reduce pressure on hydroelectric production during critical dry periods. Veridian would be prepared to discuss preferential energy purchase agreements during these periods to offset any reduction in Azuria's generation capacity. Fourth, we propose establishing a joint technical committee to evaluate the potential for additional water storage facilities in Veridian territory that could capture wet season flows currently lost to the sea. This could create a more resilient system benefiting both countries by increasing dry season water availability without compromising Azuria's existing infrastructure. Finally, we recommend developing a shared benefits framework that moves beyond volumetric water allocation to consider the multiple values derived from the river system. This might include mechanisms for Veridian to contribute to infrastructure maintenance costs in exchange for more predictable flow regimes, or exploration of payment for ecosystem services arrangements that recognize the downstream benefits of sustainable management. We believe these approaches, implemented in combination, could substantially address the concerns of both our nations while strengthening our bilateral cooperation on water resource management.", "I appreciate your candid explanation of Azuria's energy security imperatives and acknowledge the vital importance of hydroelectric production for your economy and climate commitments. Addressing both our countries' legitimate needs requires that we move beyond perceiving this as a zero-sum allocation challenge toward identifying solutions that can optimize the river system's multiple benefits. Several complementary approaches warrant exploration. First, we might implement modified reservoir operation schedules that better align with both downstream agricultural requirements and energy generation needs. Technical analyses conducted by our water resources institute suggest that with enhanced forecasting and coordinated release timing—without necessarily reducing annual energy output—we could mitigate the most severe impacts on our agricultural sector. During critical growing seasons, even moderate increases in flow predictability would substantially improve our farmers' ability to adapt. Second, we could establish a tiered flow regime with guaranteed minimum environmental flows that preserve critical ecosystem functions, supplemented by negotiated seasonal allocations that reflect both countries' varying needs throughout the year. This approach would protect essential baseline requirements while allowing operational flexibility for energy production optimization. Third, we propose exploring joint investments in system efficiency improvements—including canal lining, irrigation modernization, and reduced transmission losses—that could effectively 'create' additional water availability through conservation rather than increased extraction. Veridian would be willing to co-finance such initiatives as they would benefit both nations' long-term water security. Fourth, we might investigate the potential for complementary energy arrangements that could reduce pressure on hydropower during critical agricultural periods. Veridian has recently expanded its solar generation capacity and could potentially export electricity to Azuria during certain periods in exchange for coordinated water releases. This could transform our apparent resource conflict into a mutually beneficial exchange. Fifth, we suggest establishing a comprehensive data-sharing and joint monitoring framework that builds mutual trust and enables adaptive management based on real-time conditions rather than fixed allocations. Transparent information exchange would allow both countries to optimize their respective resource use while verifying compliance with agreements. We recognize that implementation of such solutions would require technical cooperation, policy coordination, and potentially shared investments. Veridian is prepared to establish joint working groups to develop detailed proposals for each of these approaches, with the understanding that a combination of strategies will likely be necessary to fully address our interconnected water and energy challenges.", "Your Excellency, thank you for clearly articulating Azuria's energy security concerns..."],
    hints: "Propose specific solutions that would address Veridian's concerns about reduced downstream flow while acknowledging Azuria's need for hydroelectric energy production.",
    expectedKeywords: ["solution", "balance", "proposal", "cooperation", "energy", "flow", "downstream", "hydroelectric", "seasonal", "technical", "joint", "management"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["addressing both countries' needs", "optimize reservoir operations", "seasonal flow requirements", "joint technical committee", "minimum flow guarantees", "shared benefits framework", "collaborative investment", "data sharing", "mutual benefits", "coordinated approach", "balanced solution"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for these thoughtful proposals. I particularly appreciate your suggestions regarding optimized reservoir operations and seasonal flow variations, which acknowledge both our energy needs and your agricultural and ecological requirements. However, I must express concern about implementation costs and potential energy production losses. Given the approaching rainy season, what specific monitoring and coordination mechanisms would you propose to implement in the immediate term to build confidence while we develop these longer-term solutions?",
      partial: "Thank you for your response. You've offered some useful perspectives, but I'd like to hear more specific proposals for how we might balance Azuria's hydroelectric needs with Veridian's concerns about downstream water flow. Could you elaborate on concrete solutions that would address both countries' priorities?",
      incorrect: "Thank you for your comments. However, I'd like you to focus more directly on proposing specific solutions that would address Veridian's concerns about reduced downstream flow while also respecting Azuria's need for hydroelectric energy production."
    }
  }, {
    id: 3,
    botMessage: "Thank you for these thoughtful proposals. I particularly appreciate your suggestions regarding optimized reservoir operations and seasonal flow variations, which acknowledge both our energy needs and your agricultural and ecological requirements. However, I must express concern about implementation costs and potential energy production losses. Given the approaching rainy season, what specific monitoring and coordination mechanisms would you propose to implement in the immediate term to build confidence while we develop these longer-term solutions?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Your Excellency, I appreciate your positive response to our proposals and understand your legitimate concerns regarding implementation costs and potential impacts on energy production. Establishing effective monitoring and coordination mechanisms for the immediate term is indeed critical, particularly with the rainy season approaching, as it presents both challenges and opportunities for demonstrating good faith and building momentum toward our longer-term objectives. For immediate implementation, I propose the following concrete mechanisms: First, we should establish a Joint Technical Monitoring Committee (JTMC) comprising equal representation from both countries' water, energy, and environmental agencies, with meetings scheduled bi-weekly throughout the rainy season. This committee would be empowered to: (a) harmonize existing monitoring protocols and data collection methodologies to ensure comparable and trustworthy information; (b) implement real-time data sharing on reservoir levels, inflow forecasts, and planned release schedules through a secure digital platform accessible to authorized officials from both countries; and (c) coordinate emergency protocols for extreme weather events, which are becoming increasingly common due to climate change. Second, I propose deploying additional automated gauging stations at mutually agreed locations along the river, with satellite transmission capabilities to ensure continuous data availability to both parties. Veridian is prepared to co-finance this enhanced monitoring network as a demonstration of our commitment to evidence-based management. Our technical team has identified five critical monitoring points that would provide comprehensive system visibility without excessive costs. Third, we should implement a 90-day Provisional Flow Coordination Protocol specifically designed for this rainy season, which would: (a) establish weekly communication procedures between reservoir operators; (b) create pre-agreed contingency plans for various precipitation scenarios; and (c) set modest but meaningful targets for flow predictability rather than specific volumetric guarantees, acknowledging the operational constraints Azuria faces. This provisional arrangement would explicitly be without prejudice to either party's long-term positions, serving purely as a confidence-building measure. Fourth, I recommend establishing a Joint Communications Channel for agricultural and community stakeholders in both countries, providing regular updates on water conditions and management decisions. This transparency would help manage expectations, facilitate adaptation measures, and demonstrate our mutual commitment to addressing the human dimensions of water management. Fifth, we propose joint assessment teams to document baseline ecological and agricultural conditions during this rainy season, creating a shared factual foundation for evaluating future management approaches. This would include rapid assessment protocols for key ecological indicators and agricultural impacts that both parties agree are valid metrics. To address your concerns about costs, these immediate measures have been deliberately designed to leverage existing resources where possible and focus new investments on high-value coordination activities rather than capital-intensive infrastructure. Many of these mechanisms could be implemented under existing ministerial authorities, without requiring new legislative approval, allowing for rapid deployment. We believe these immediate steps would generate valuable data and operational experience that would directly inform our discussions on longer-term solutions, while demonstrating tangible progress to stakeholders in both countries. Most importantly, they would establish patterns of coordination and information sharing that build the mutual trust necessary for more ambitious cooperative arrangements in the future. Would these proposals address your immediate concerns regarding the approaching rainy season?", "Thank you for your thoughtful response and for acknowledging the potential of several proposals we've put forward. I appreciate your candid expression of concerns regarding implementation costs and possible energy production impacts, which are entirely legitimate considerations from Azuria's perspective. You raise an excellent point about the approaching rainy season, which indeed presents an opportunity to establish immediate confidence-building measures while we develop more comprehensive solutions. To address your specific question, I propose the following immediate monitoring and coordination mechanisms that could be implemented rapidly and cost-effectively: First, I suggest establishing a Joint Operations Coordination Cell with designated technical representatives from both countries' water and energy authorities. This cell would: (a) conduct daily information exchanges during the rainy season regarding reservoir operations, inflow forecasts, and downstream conditions; (b) coordinate release schedules with 48-hour advance notifications of significant operational changes; and (c) implement a hotline for urgent communications during extreme weather events. This mechanism would require minimal additional resources while significantly enhancing operational coordination. Second, we propose implementing a Transparent Data Exchange Protocol that would: (a) standardize monitoring parameters and methodologies to ensure data compatibility; (b) establish secure server access for authorized officials from both countries to view real-time hydrological and reservoir data; and (c) produce joint weekly situational reports during the rainy season that document system conditions and management responses. Veridian is prepared to contribute our existing satellite-based precipitation monitoring capabilities to enhance forecast accuracy throughout the basin. Third, I recommend deploying a limited number of additional automated monitoring stations at critical locations identified by both parties' technical experts. Rather than an extensive new network, we suggest strategically supplementing existing infrastructure at approximately 3-5 key points where information gaps currently exist. Veridian would be willing to co-finance this limited expansion as a demonstration of our commitment to evidence-based management. Fourth, we propose establishing a Provisional Flow Regime specifically for this rainy season that would: (a) identify trigger points for consultations based on reservoir levels and forecasted inflows; (b) establish parameters for graduated flow increases during high-water periods that could benefit both flood management in Azuria and water storage opportunities in Veridian; and (c) create modest but meaningful baseline flow expectations while preserving Azuria's operational flexibility above these thresholds. This arrangement would be explicitly provisional and without prejudice to either country's long-term positions. Fifth, I suggest creating a Joint Stakeholder Communication Mechanism that would coordinate public information across both countries regarding water management decisions, helping to manage expectations among agricultural communities and other water users. This would demonstrate our mutual commitment to transparency while preventing misinformation that could undermine cooperation. These measures have been carefully selected to maximize confidence-building potential while minimizing implementation barriers. They utilize existing institutional frameworks where possible, require limited new expenditures, and can be implemented under existing authorities without lengthy approval processes. Most importantly, they would generate practical experience and shared data that would directly inform our development of longer-term solutions while demonstrating good faith to constituencies in both countries. Would these immediate mechanisms address your concerns regarding the approaching rainy season while we continue to develop more comprehensive arrangements?", "Thank you for acknowledging the potential of our proposals and for your candid concerns regarding implementation costs and possible energy impacts. You raise an important practical question about immediate measures for the approaching rainy season, which offers a timely opportunity to establish momentum and build confidence between our nations. I propose the following specific monitoring and coordination mechanisms that could be implemented immediately: First, I suggest establishing a Joint Technical Working Group comprising senior water managers and engineers from both countries' relevant agencies, with authority to make operational recommendations. This group would: (a) meet weekly throughout the rainy season to review system conditions and coordinate management responses; (b) harmonize monitoring methodologies to ensure data comparability; and (c) develop joint weekly forecasts to inform coordinated decision-making. This mechanism would leverage existing technical capacity while enhancing information flow between our agencies. Second, I propose implementing an Enhanced Data Sharing Protocol with the following elements: (a) identification of critical monitoring parameters including precipitation, reservoir levels, inflow rates, water quality indicators, and downstream flow volumes; (b) establishment of a secure online platform for real-time data exchange accessible to authorized officials from both countries; and (c) agreement on standardized reporting formats and frequencies to ensure consistent interpretation. Veridian is prepared to contribute our recently upgraded meteorological forecasting capabilities to improve system-wide predictability. Third, I recommend conducting a Rapid Joint Assessment of existing monitoring infrastructure to identify critical gaps and redundancies. Following this assessment, we could deploy a limited number of additional automated monitoring stations (approximately 4-6) at strategic locations where information deficits currently exist. Veridian would be willing to co-finance this targeted expansion as a demonstration of our commitment to transparency and evidence-based management. Fourth, I propose establishing a Provisional Seasonal Operating Framework specifically designed for this rainy season that would include: (a) pre-determined consultation triggers based on reservoir levels and forecasted conditions; (b) coordinated flood management protocols that could benefit downstream communities in both countries; and (c) modest but meaningful minimum flow targets during critical periods, with flexibility for Azuria regarding operational methods to achieve these targets. This would be explicitly understood as a without-prejudice arrangement intended as a confidence-building measure rather than a precedent for long-term agreements. Fifth, I suggest implementing Joint Communication Procedures for engaging with agricultural communities, local governments, and other stakeholders in both countries. This would include coordinated messaging about water management decisions and expected conditions, helping manage expectations and demonstrate our mutual commitment to transparency. These immediate mechanisms have been deliberately designed to: (a) require minimal additional financial resources; (b) utilize existing institutional frameworks where possible; (c) avoid complex approval processes that would delay implementation; and (d) generate valuable operational experience and data that would directly inform our development of longer-term solutions. Rather than committing to permanent structural changes at this stage, these measures focus on information exchange, coordination, and building the operational relationships necessary for more ambitious cooperation in the future. They represent practical steps that acknowledge both countries' constraints while demonstrating tangible progress to our respective constituencies. Would these proposals adequately address your concerns regarding immediate action as we approach the rainy season?"],
    hints: "Propose specific short-term monitoring and coordination mechanisms for the approaching rainy season that would build confidence while longer-term solutions are developed.",
    expectedKeywords: ["monitoring", "coordination", "mechanisms", "immediate", "data sharing", "joint committee", "rainy season", "protocols", "technical", "implementation", "real-time", "transparency"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for these practical and well-considered immediate mechanisms. I'm particularly encouraged by your proposals for joint technical monitoring and data sharing protocols. Azuria would be prepared to implement these measures before the rainy season begins next month. Building on this spirit of cooperation, could we discuss the governance structure for our long-term water management agreement? Specifically, how do you envision decision-making processes, dispute resolution mechanisms, and the legal status of any agreement we might reach?",
      partial: "Thank you for these suggestions. You've identified some useful approaches, but I'd like you to provide more specific details about the monitoring and coordination mechanisms you propose for the immediate term, particularly focusing on practical implementation for the coming rainy season.",
      incorrect: "Thank you for your response. However, I'd like you to focus more directly on proposing specific monitoring and coordination mechanisms that we could implement immediately as the rainy season approaches, rather than discussing longer-term solutions."
    }
  }, {
    id: 4,
    botMessage: "Thank you for these practical and well-considered immediate mechanisms. I'm particularly encouraged by your proposals for joint technical monitoring and data sharing protocols. Azuria would be prepared to implement these measures before the rainy season begins next month. Building on this spirit of cooperation, could we discuss the governance structure for our long-term water management agreement? Specifically, how do you envision decision-making processes, dispute resolution mechanisms, and the legal status of any agreement we might reach?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Thank you for your positive response to our proposed immediate measures. I'm pleased that we've found common ground on these practical steps, which will provide valuable momentum as we develop more comprehensive arrangements. Regarding the governance structure for our long-term water management agreement, Veridian envisions a robust yet adaptable framework with several key components. For the legal status of our agreement, we propose a formal bilateral treaty that would: (a) require ratification according to both countries' constitutional processes, ensuring domestic political commitment; (b) explicitly reference international water law principles, particularly equitable utilization and prevention of significant harm; and (c) include provisions for regular review and potential amendment as conditions evolve, balancing stability with adaptive capacity. This approach would provide the certainty and legal foundation necessary for long-term planning while acknowledging that river basin management must evolve with changing climatic, economic, and social conditions. For the institutional architecture, we envision establishing a Luminar River Basin Commission with: (a) a high-level Ministerial Council that would meet annually to provide political direction and approve major decisions; (b) a permanent Technical Committee with equal representation from both countries, responsible for implementing the agreement, developing operational protocols, and making routine management recommendations; and (c) specialized Working Groups on specific aspects such as data management, environmental monitoring, and stakeholder engagement. This structure would balance high-level political oversight with technical expertise and operational continuity. Regarding decision-making processes, we propose: (a) consensus-based decision-making at all levels, with clearly defined consultation requirements to prevent deadlock; (b) differentiated procedures for routine operational decisions versus major policy changes, with streamlined processes for the former; and (c) transparent documentation of deliberative processes and decision rationales to build legitimacy with stakeholders. This approach acknowledges the sovereign equality of our nations while ensuring efficiency in day-to-day management. For dispute resolution, we suggest a multi-tiered approach that includes: (a) initial technical consultation between designated focal points within a defined timeframe; (b) elevation to the Technical Committee if unresolved at the technical level; (c) ministerial consultation if agreement cannot be reached at the committee level; and (d) recourse to an independent fact-finding commission and/or mediation by a mutually agreed third party if political resolution proves elusive. This would provide multiple opportunities for resolution before resorting to more formal mechanisms. Finally, we propose incorporating robust stakeholder engagement provisions, including: (a) regular public reporting on basin conditions and management decisions; (b) structured consultation processes with affected communities, particularly agricultural and environmental interests; and (c) opportunities for scientific and technical input from academic institutions and research organizations. This would enhance the legitimacy and effectiveness of the governance structure by ensuring decisions are informed by diverse perspectives and supported by affected constituencies. We believe this comprehensive yet balanced governance framework would provide the necessary foundation for sustainable, cooperative management of our shared water resources while respecting the sovereign interests of both nations.", "I appreciate Azuria's willingness to proceed with the immediate confidence-building measures we've discussed. Building on this positive development, I'm pleased to outline Veridian's vision for a governance structure that would provide the foundation for sustainable long-term management of the Luminar Basin. Regarding legal status, we propose a binding bilateral treaty with the following characteristics: (a) formal ratification through each country's constitutional processes to ensure domestic political commitment; (b) explicit incorporation of established international water law principles, including equitable utilization, prevention of significant harm, and prior notification of planned measures; (c) registration with the United Nations to enhance international recognition; and (d) provisions for periodic review and potential amendment through mutual consent, balancing certainty with adaptive capacity. For the institutional structure, we envision a Luminar Basin Commission with three primary components: (a) a Joint Ministerial Council consisting of relevant ministers from both countries, meeting annually to provide strategic direction and political oversight; (b) a permanent Technical Committee with equal representation and co-chairs from both nations, meeting quarterly to implement the agreement and make operational recommendations; and (c) specialized Working Groups focusing on specific aspects such as hydrological monitoring, environmental protection, and infrastructure coordination. This structure would balance political authority with technical expertise while maintaining clear lines of accountability. For decision-making processes, we propose: (a) consensus as the fundamental principle at all levels of governance, reflecting our countries' equal status; (b) clearly defined consultation procedures with specified timeframes to prevent delays or deadlock; (c) differentiated protocols for routine operational decisions versus strategic policy matters, allowing efficient management while protecting both parties' interests in fundamental questions; and (d) provisions for emergency decision-making during extreme events such as floods or droughts, with appropriate safeguards and post-event review requirements. Regarding dispute resolution, we suggest a comprehensive approach comprising: (a) mandatory technical consultations as the first step, with specific timelines for initiating and concluding these discussions; (b) referral to the Joint Ministerial Council if technical resolution proves impossible; (c) provision for independent fact-finding by mutual agreement if political resolution is not achieved; (d) optional mediation by a neutral third party before proceeding to more formal mechanisms; and (e) a binding arbitration clause as a final resort, with procedures for selecting arbitrators and defining the scope of arbitrable issues. This multi-tiered approach would maximize opportunities for amicable resolution while providing certainty that disputes will ultimately be addressed rather than remaining unresolved. Additionally, we propose robust provisions for stakeholder engagement and transparency, including: (a) regular public reporting on basin conditions, management decisions, and agreement implementation; (b) structured consultation mechanisms for affected communities, particularly agricultural, environmental, and indigenous interests; and (c) opportunities for scientific and technical input from academic institutions and non-governmental organizations with relevant expertise. This governance framework would establish clear roles and responsibilities while providing the flexibility to adapt to changing conditions and emerging challenges in the basin. We believe it strikes an appropriate balance between formality and practicality, creating a sustainable foundation for cooperative management of our shared water resources.", "Thank you for your positive response to our immediate proposals..."],
    hints: "Outline a proposed governance structure for a long-term water management agreement, addressing decision-making processes, dispute resolution mechanisms, and legal status.",
    expectedKeywords: ["governance", "treaty", "bilateral", "commission", "decision-making", "dispute resolution", "legal", "institutional", "mechanism", "technical committee", "ministerial", "stakeholders"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["governance structure", "bilateral treaty", "decision-making process", "dispute resolution mechanism", "technical committee", "institutional architecture", "joint commission", "legal status", "ministerial level", "stakeholder engagement", "ratification process"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that comprehensive governance proposal. I appreciate the balanced approach you've outlined, particularly the multi-tiered dispute resolution mechanism and the emphasis on both technical expertise and high-level political oversight. However, Azuria has concerns about the binding nature of certain provisions, especially regarding minimum flow requirements during drought periods when our energy security could be compromised. How might we incorporate flexibility mechanisms that acknowledge exceptional circumstances while maintaining the agreement's overall integrity?",
      partial: "Thank you for outlining some governance elements. However, I'd like you to provide a more comprehensive proposal specifically addressing the decision-making processes, dispute resolution mechanisms, and legal status of our potential agreement, as these will be crucial for long-term management.",
      incorrect: "Thank you for your response. I'd like you to focus more directly on proposing a specific governance structure for our long-term water management agreement, particularly addressing decision-making processes, dispute resolution mechanisms, and the legal status of any agreement."
    }
  }, {
    id: 5,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that comprehensive governance proposal. I appreciate the balanced approach you've outlined, particularly the multi-tiered dispute resolution mechanism and the emphasis on both technical expertise and high-level political oversight. However, Azuria has concerns about the binding nature of certain provisions, especially regarding minimum flow requirements during drought periods when our energy security could be compromised. How might we incorporate flexibility mechanisms that acknowledge exceptional circumstances while maintaining the agreement's overall integrity?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Thank you for your positive response to our governance framework and for expressing Azuria's specific concerns regarding flexibility during exceptional circumstances. We recognize that any sustainable agreement must balance predictability with adaptability, particularly given the increasing hydrological variability associated with climate change. Veridian fully acknowledges Azuria's legitimate energy security interests, especially during drought periods when reservoir inflows may be significantly reduced. To address these concerns while maintaining the agreement's overall integrity, I propose several complementary flexibility mechanisms: First, we could incorporate a carefully defined Exceptional Circumstances Clause that would: (a) precisely delineate the conditions constituting a drought emergency through objective hydrological indicators rather than unilateral declarations; (b) establish modified flow obligations proportional to the severity of drought conditions, using a tiered approach rather than binary suspensions; and (c) require advance notification and consultation through expedited procedures before exceptional measures are implemented. This would provide Azuria with legitimate pathways to address energy security imperatives while maintaining procedural safeguards and preventing unpredictable disruptions to downstream planning. Second, we propose developing a Drought Management Protocol as an integral annex to the main agreement that would: (a) establish proactive coordination mechanisms triggered by early warning indicators before critical thresholds are reached; (b) outline shared sacrifice principles where both upstream and downstream uses would absorb proportional reductions during severe shortages; and (c) prioritize certain essential uses in both countries, potentially including basic domestic water supply, minimum energy security requirements, and critical ecological functions. This approach would shift drought response from crisis management to anticipated, coordinated actions. Third, we suggest creating a Compensatory Mechanisms Framework that would allow temporary deviations from standard obligations with agreed compensation, such as: (a) flow banking arrangements where reduced releases during drought periods would be compensated by additional releases when conditions improve; (b) sectoral offset provisions where impacts on one water use sector could be mitigated through coordinated actions in another sector; and (c) potential financial mechanisms to support adaptation measures for affected downstream communities during temporary flow reductions. Such arrangements would acknowledge legitimate exceptional needs while ensuring that departures from standard obligations are bounded and balanced over time. Fourth, we propose enhanced Forecast Integration and Joint Planning procedures that would: (a) utilize improved seasonal forecasting to anticipate potential drought conditions and coordinate preparatory measures; (b) develop joint contingency plans for different drought severity scenarios before they materialize; and (c) implement coordinated reservoir management across the basin to maximize system-wide resilience to drought. This proactive approach would help minimize the need to invoke exceptional circumstances provisions. Fifth, we suggest establishing a Technical Adaptive Management Committee specifically empowered to: (a) periodically review flow requirements in light of changing conditions and improved scientific understanding; (b) recommend adjustments to operational parameters without requiring full treaty amendments; and (c) develop innovative technical solutions to emerging challenges within the agreement's overall framework. This would build adaptive capacity into the governance structure itself rather than relying solely on exceptional circumstances provisions. These flexibility mechanisms would be carefully designed to address Azuria's legitimate concerns while providing Veridian with sufficient predictability for agricultural planning and ecological protection. By focusing on objective criteria, proportional responses, shared adjustments, and compensatory measures, we can develop an agreement that remains robust during challenging periods while accommodating the genuine needs of both countries. Would these proposed flexibility mechanisms adequately address Azuria's concerns regarding drought periods and energy security?", "Thank you for your constructive feedback and for articulating Azuria's specific concerns regarding flexibility during drought periods. Veridian recognizes that energy security represents a critical national interest for Azuria, particularly given the significant role of hydroelectric generation in your energy portfolio. We also acknowledge that increasing climate variability may intensify the frequency and severity of drought conditions, requiring pragmatic mechanisms to address exceptional circumstances while maintaining the agreement's fundamental principles. To address these legitimate concerns, I propose several complementary flexibility mechanisms that could be incorporated into our governance framework: First, we could establish a graduated Exceptional Circumstances Protocol with the following elements: (a) objectively defined drought thresholds based on standardized hydrological indicators (such as the Standardized Precipitation Index or reservoir inflow percentiles) rather than discretionary determinations; (b) tiered modification of flow requirements proportional to drought severity, with predetermined adjustment percentages for different threshold levels; and (c) expedited consultation procedures that would allow rapid decision-making while ensuring both parties remain engaged in the process. This approach would provide predictable pathways for addressing genuine emergencies while preventing the uncertainty that would result from arbitrary suspension of obligations. Second, we propose developing a Reciprocal Flexibility Framework that would recognize shared responsibility during exceptional circumstances: (a) during defined drought periods, minimum flow requirements would be adjusted according to a formula that proportionally distributes impacts between energy production and downstream uses; (b) these adjustments would be accompanied by coordinated demand management measures in both countries across relevant sectors; and (c) recovery periods following droughts would include mutually agreed restoration measures to address cumulative impacts on both energy security and downstream ecosystems. This shared approach would ensure that neither country bears disproportionate burdens during challenging periods. Third, we suggest creating a Compensatory Balancing Mechanism that would allow temporary deviations with agreed compensation: (a) flow banking provisions where reduced releases during critical drought periods would be balanced by additional releases when conditions improve; (b) cross-sectoral offset arrangements where impacts in one area could be mitigated through coordinated actions in another; and (c) potential economic instruments to provide resources for adaptation measures when temporary flow modifications are necessary. These mechanisms would acknowledge the need for occasional flexibility while ensuring that deviations remain bounded and balanced over time. Fourth, we propose enhancing Forecasting and Early Warning Integration to improve proactive management: (a) joint seasonal forecasting would trigger coordinated preparatory measures before drought conditions become severe; (b) pre-agreed contingency plans would be developed for different scenarios, outlining specific responsibilities and actions; and (c) coordinated reservoir operation protocols would optimize system-wide resilience to drought conditions. This approach would help minimize the frequency with which exceptional circumstances provisions need to be invoked. Fifth, we suggest establishing a periodic Review and Adaptation Process that would: (a) evaluate the agreement's implementation every five years in light of changing conditions; (b) empower the Technical Committee to recommend calibrated adjustments to operational parameters without requiring full treaty amendments; and (c) incorporate new scientific understanding and technological capabilities as they emerge. This would build adaptive capacity into the governance structure itself. These flexibility mechanisms would be carefully designed to provide Azuria with necessary operational latitude during genuine drought emergencies while giving Veridian sufficient predictability for agricultural planning and ecological protection. By focusing on objective criteria, proportional responses, mutual adjustments, and compensatory measures, we can develop an agreement that remains robust during challenging periods while accommodating the legitimate needs of both countries. Would these proposed flexibility mechanisms address your concerns regarding energy security during drought periods?", "Thank you for your positive assessment of our governance proposal and for clearly articulating Azuria's concerns regarding flexibility during exceptional circumstances. Veridian fully recognizes the critical importance of energy security for Azuria's economic development and social stability, particularly given hydropower's significant contribution to your national electricity supply. We also acknowledge that with climate change increasing hydrological variability in our region, a rigid agreement without sufficient flexibility mechanisms could prove unsustainable. To address these legitimate concerns while preserving the agreement's fundamental integrity, I propose the following complementary flexibility mechanisms: First, we recommend establishing a clearly defined Exceptional Circumstances Provision that would: (a) specify objective hydrological thresholds for activating emergency measures, using multiple indicators such as cumulative precipitation deficits, reservoir storage levels, and projected inflows; (b) create a graduated response system with predetermined adjustment formulas linking the severity of drought conditions to proportional modifications of flow requirements; and (c) establish expedited notification and consultation procedures ensuring that emergency measures are implemented transparently while respecting the time-sensitive nature of crisis response. This approach would provide Azuria with legitimate pathways to address critical energy security needs during genuine emergencies while avoiding the uncertainty that would result from unpredictable or unilateral modifications to flow regimes. Second, we propose developing a comprehensive Drought Management Protocol as a specialized annex to the main agreement that would: (a) delineate proactive coordination mechanisms triggered by early warning indicators before critical thresholds are reached; (b) establish principles of proportional adjustment where both countries would implement specified adaptation measures according to drought severity; and (c) identify critical uses in both countries—including essential energy services, basic water supply, and minimum ecological flows—that would receive priority protection during extreme shortages. This would shift our approach from reactive crisis management to anticipated, coordinated response strategies. Third, we suggest implementing a Compensatory Balancing System that would: (a) establish 'flow credit' arrangements where temporary reductions during drought periods would be balanced by additional releases when hydrological conditions improve; (b) develop cross-sectoral compensation mechanisms where impacts on one water use sector could be offset through coordinated actions in another sector; and (c) create provision for direct mitigation measures for affected downstream communities during temporary flow reductions, potentially including technical assistance or financial support for adaptation initiatives. These mechanisms would acknowledge the occasional necessity of operational flexibility while ensuring that deviations remain bounded and balanced over time. Fourth, we propose enhancing Joint Technical Capacity for drought anticipation and management through: (a) integrated seasonal forecasting systems that utilize both countries' meteorological and hydrological expertise to improve prediction accuracy; (b) coordinated contingency planning that pre-positions resources and establishes clear protocols for different drought scenarios; and (c) research collaboration to identify innovative technical solutions that could enhance system resilience to extreme events. This proactive approach would help minimize the frequency with which exceptional circumstances provisions need to be activated. Fifth, we suggest establishing an Adaptive Management Framework within the governance structure that would: (a) empower the Technical Committee to recommend incremental adjustments to operational parameters based on implementation experience without requiring full treaty amendments; (b) mandate periodic reviews of the agreement's effectiveness in light of changing conditions; and (c) incorporate structured learning processes to integrate new scientific understanding and technological capabilities as they emerge. This would build adaptability into the governance system itself rather than relying solely on exceptional circumstances provisions. These flexibility mechanisms would be carefully designed to address Azuria's legitimate energy security concerns while providing Veridian with sufficient predictability for agricultural planning and ecological protection. By focusing on objective criteria, proportional responses, compensatory measures, and enhanced technical coordination, we can develop an agreement that remains effective during challenging periods while accommodating the genuine needs of both countries. Would these proposed flexibility mechanisms adequately address your concerns regarding drought periods and energy security?"],
    hints: "Propose specific flexibility mechanisms for the water agreement that would address Azuria's concerns about minimum flow requirements during drought periods while maintaining the agreement's integrity.",
    expectedKeywords: ["flexibility", "drought", "exceptional circumstances", "mechanism", "energy security", "balance", "protocol", "thresholds", "adaptation", "proportional", "compensatory", "monitoring"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "These flexibility mechanisms demonstrate an impressive understanding of both our concerns and the need for a balanced approach. I particularly appreciate the graduated response system tied to objective hydrological indicators and the compensatory balancing mechanisms. Azuria is prepared to move forward on this basis. To conclude our negotiations, could you summarize what you see as the key principles and mutual benefits of our emerging agreement, and outline next steps toward implementation?",
      partial: "You've suggested some interesting approaches to flexibility. Could you develop more specific mechanisms that would address our concerns about minimum flow requirements during drought periods when our energy security is at stake, while still maintaining the overall integrity of the agreement?",
      incorrect: "I appreciate your response, but I'd like you to focus more directly on proposing specific flexibility mechanisms that would address our concerns about minimum flow requirements during drought periods when our energy security could be compromised, while maintaining the agreement's overall integrity."
    }
  }, {
    id: 6,
    botMessage: "These flexibility mechanisms demonstrate an impressive understanding of both our concerns and the need for a balanced approach. I particularly appreciate the graduated response system tied to objective hydrological indicators and the compensatory balancing mechanisms. Azuria is prepared to move forward on this basis. To conclude our negotiations, could you summarize what you see as the key principles and mutual benefits of our emerging agreement, and outline next steps toward implementation?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Thank you, Your Excellency, for your positive assessment of our proposed flexibility mechanisms. I'm pleased that we've reached a constructive understanding that addresses both countries' fundamental interests. As we conclude these productive negotiations, allow me to summarize the key principles and mutual benefits that define our emerging agreement, followed by practical next steps toward implementation. The foundational principles of our agreement reflect both established international water law and our shared commitment to sustainable, equitable management of the Luminar Basin: First, equitable and reasonable utilization ensures that both countries receive fair benefits from our shared water resources, recognizing both Azuria's essential energy requirements and Veridian's agricultural and ecological needs. Second, prevention of significant harm establishes mutual responsibility to consider impacts of water use decisions on the other party, while acknowledging that absolute harm prevention must be balanced with development rights. Third, cooperation and information sharing commits both nations to transparency, joint monitoring, and coordinated planning rather than unilateral action. Fourth, balance between sovereignty and interdependence recognizes each nation's authority within its territory while acknowledging our hydrological connectivity. Fifth, adaptability and resilience establishes mechanisms to address changing conditions, exceptional circumstances, and emerging challenges through structured flexibility rather than rigid prescriptions. This agreement offers substantial mutual benefits that exceed what either country could achieve through unilateral approaches: For Azuria, the agreement provides recognition of hydropower development rights within a predictable framework, reduced international pressure through demonstrated cooperative management, shared technical capacity for improved forecasting and operational optimization, and enhanced adaptation capacity for climate change impacts on energy production. For Veridian, the agreement delivers greater predictability in downstream flows for agricultural planning, protection of critical ecological functions, enhanced drought preparedness through early warning and coordinated response, and reduced political tensions over water allocation disputes. For both nations, we achieve more efficient resource utilization through coordinated management, strengthened bilateral relations extending beyond water management, enhanced investment environment through reduced political risk, and international recognition as responsible stewards of transboundary resources. To move from negotiation to implementation, I propose the following concrete next steps: First, our technical teams should immediately formalize the rainy season monitoring and coordination mechanisms we've agreed upon, with implementation beginning within 30 days. Second, we should establish a Transitional Implementation Committee comprising senior officials from relevant ministries to oversee agreement development while formal governance structures are established. Third, our legal experts should draft agreement text based on the principles and mechanisms we've negotiated, aiming to complete this process within four months. Fourth, we should conduct stakeholder consultations in both countries to build domestic support and incorporate practical insights from affected communities and sectors. Fifth, we should develop detailed technical annexes addressing operational protocols, monitoring standards, and implementation procedures in parallel with the main agreement. Sixth, we should prepare a joint funding strategy for implementation, including potential international support for monitoring systems and capacity building. Finally, we should establish a timeline for formal adoption, targeting ratification within 12 months and full implementation of governance structures within 18 months. As we conclude these negotiations, I want to express Veridian's appreciation for Azuria's constructive engagement throughout this process. The spirit of mutual respect and problem-solving that has characterized our discussions provides a strong foundation for implementing the agreement we've outlined. By moving forward together based on shared principles and mutual benefits, our nations can transform a potential source of conflict into an exemplar of cooperative transboundary resource management.", "Thank you, Your Excellency, for your positive response to our proposed flexibility mechanisms. I'm gratified that we've reached a mutual understanding that addresses the core interests of both our nations. As we conclude these productive negotiations, I'm pleased to summarize the key principles and mutual benefits that characterize our emerging agreement, and to outline practical next steps toward implementation. Our agreement is founded on several fundamental principles that balance established international water law with our specific regional context: First, equitable utilization acknowledges both countries' legitimate rights to benefit from the Luminar Basin's resources, recognizing the importance of both hydropower development and agricultural sustainability. Second, mutual responsibility establishes shared accountability for the river system's health, with each country considering the impacts of its water use decisions on the other party. Third, transparency and information sharing commits both nations to open communication about water conditions, planned developments, and operational decisions affecting the shared basin. Fourth, coordination rather than competition establishes a paradigm where management decisions seek to optimize basin-wide benefits rather than maximizing individual advantages at the other's expense. Fifth, adaptive management recognizes the dynamic nature of both hydrological systems and human needs, building flexibility and learning processes into our governance approach. The mutual benefits of this cooperative approach are substantial and exceed what either country could achieve unilaterally: For Azuria, the agreement provides long-term certainty for hydropower operations within an internationally recognized framework, technical cooperation that can enhance reservoir operation efficiency, reduced downstream pressure through demonstrated responsible management, and proportional rather than absolute obligations during drought periods. For Veridian, the agreement delivers improved predictability for agricultural planning, protection of critical ecological systems, enhanced drought preparedness through early warning and coordinated response, and institutional mechanisms to address concerns without resorting to international pressure. For both nations, we achieve more efficient resource utilization through systematic coordination, strengthened bilateral relations extending beyond water management, enhanced regional stability recognized by international partners, and potential access to international technical and financial support for joint initiatives. To transform this conceptual framework into operational reality, I propose the following concrete implementation steps: First, our technical representatives should formalize and activate the immediate monitoring and coordination mechanisms we've discussed for the approaching rainy season, establishing these within 30 days. Second, we should establish a Joint Drafting Committee comprising legal and technical experts from both countries to develop comprehensive agreement text based on the principles and mechanisms we've negotiated, with a target completion date of four months. Third, we should create a High-Level Implementation Oversight Group of senior officials to maintain political momentum and address any emerging obstacles during the transition from negotiation to implementation. Fourth, we should conduct structured stakeholder consultations in both countries to build domestic support and incorporate practical insights from affected communities, including agricultural, energy, and environmental interests. Fifth, we should develop a joint capacity building program to ensure that both countries' relevant agencies have the technical skills and resources to effectively implement the agreed mechanisms. Sixth, we should establish a phased implementation timeline with clear milestones, beginning with the immediate measures we've discussed and progressing toward full implementation of the governance structure within 18 months. Seventh, we should prepare a joint international communication strategy highlighting our cooperative approach to transboundary water management. As we conclude these negotiations, I want to express Veridian's sincere appreciation for Azuria's constructive engagement. The spirit of mutual respect and problem-solving that has characterized our discussions gives me great confidence in our ability to implement this agreement successfully. By moving forward as partners rather than adversaries, our nations have an opportunity to transform the Luminar Basin from a potential source of conflict into a model of cooperative transboundary resource management.", "Thank you, Your Excellency, for your positive assessment of our proposed flexibility mechanisms..."],
    hints: "Summarize the key principles and mutual benefits of the emerging water agreement between Veridian and Azuria, and outline concrete next steps toward implementation.",
    expectedKeywords: ["principles", "benefits", "mutual", "implementation", "agreement", "cooperation", "next steps", "equitable", "sustainable", "framework", "timeline", "governance"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["key principles", "mutual benefits", "equitable utilization", "cooperation and information sharing", "prevention of significant harm", "next steps toward implementation", "technical teams", "draft agreement", "stakeholder consultations", "governance structures", "monitoring mechanisms"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for this excellent summary of our emerging agreement. The principles you've articulated—particularly equitable utilization, mutual responsibility, and adaptive management—provide a solid foundation for sustainable cooperation. Azuria concurs with your proposed implementation timeline and next steps. We are prepared to immediately establish the Joint Technical Working Group to implement our rainy season monitoring protocols and to designate representatives for the drafting committee. On behalf of Azuria, I look forward to transforming our productive negotiations into a landmark agreement that serves the interests of both our nations and sets a positive example for transboundary water cooperation in our region.",
      partial: "Thank you for your response. You've touched on some important aspects, but I'd like a more comprehensive summary of both the key principles underlying our agreement and the specific mutual benefits for both countries, along with clearer next steps for implementation.",
      incorrect: "Thank you for your contribution to these negotiations. However, I'd like you to provide a more focused summary of what you see as the key principles and mutual benefits of our emerging agreement, and to outline specific next steps toward implementation."
    }
  }],
  completionMessage: "Congratulations! You've successfully completed the Diplomatic Negotiation scenario, demonstrating advanced language proficiency through your skilled navigation of a complex international negotiation. Your contributions showed sophisticated diplomatic language, strategic thinking, and the ability to balance competing interests while finding creative solutions. You effectively employed specialized diplomatic vocabulary and complex grammatical structures appropriate for high-level international negotiations. This exercise showcased your ability to articulate national interests, respond to counterproposals, navigate sensitive issues, and build consensus—all essential skills for advanced English communication in diplomatic and international contexts.",
  learningObjectives: ["Articulate national interests and positions with diplomatic precision", "Employ appropriate diplomatic language and negotiation strategies", "Respond constructively to challenging counterarguments", "Propose creative solutions to complex international problems", "Navigate culturally and politically sensitive topics with tact", "Build consensus through incremental agreements and mutual understanding", "Structure complex arguments in a diplomatic negotiation context", "Use specialized vocabulary related to international relations and diplomacy"],
  grammar: {
    points: ["Complex conditional structures for discussing hypothetical scenarios", "Diplomatic hedging language and modifiers for expressing positions tactfully", "Passive voice constructions to maintain diplomatic distance when necessary", "Complex sentences with multiple subordinate clauses for detailed proposals", "Formal register with precise terminology appropriate for international negotiations", "Varied transitional phrases for structuring diplomatic arguments and responses", "Balanced concessive structures showing understanding while maintaining position"]
  }
};
var _default = exports.default = diplomaticNegotiation;
//# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,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