490dfa54ecf1bfd6c952a598893fdc80
Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", {
  value: true
});
exports.default = void 0;
function cov_2c2g7uyfoi() {
  var path = "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C2\\scenarios\\advancedLinguistics.js";
  var hash = "24065d90ca530ef23f6179bf3c585cb56e8d60f4";
  var global = new Function("return this")();
  var gcv = "__coverage__";
  var coverageData = {
    path: "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C2\\scenarios\\advancedLinguistics.js",
    statementMap: {
      "0": {
        start: {
          line: 3,
          column: 28
        },
        end: {
          line: 165,
          column: 1
        }
      }
    },
    fnMap: {},
    branchMap: {},
    s: {
      "0": 0
    },
    f: {},
    b: {},
    _coverageSchema: "1a1c01bbd47fc00a2c39e90264f33305004495a9",
    hash: "24065d90ca530ef23f6179bf3c585cb56e8d60f4"
  };
  var coverage = global[gcv] || (global[gcv] = {});
  if (!coverage[path] || coverage[path].hash !== hash) {
    coverage[path] = coverageData;
  }
  var actualCoverage = coverage[path];
  {
    cov_2c2g7uyfoi = function () {
      return actualCoverage;
    };
  }
  return actualCoverage;
}
cov_2c2g7uyfoi();
var advancedLinguistics = (cov_2c2g7uyfoi().s[0]++, {
  id: 3,
  title: "Advanced Linguistics",
  level: "C2",
  description: "Engage in a sophisticated discussion on theoretical and applied linguistics, demonstrating mastery of complex linguistic concepts, ability to analyze language phenomena across multiple levels, evaluate competing theoretical frameworks, articulate nuanced positions on language acquisition and evolution, and communicate abstract linguistic principles with exceptional precision and clarity.",
  estimatedTime: "35-40 minutes",
  vocabulary: ["morphosyntactic parameter", "phonological constraint", "semantic entailment", "pragmatic inference", "syntactic derivation", "minimalist program", "computational model", "universal grammar", "diachronic change", "neurolinguistic", "language acquisition device", "sociolinguistic variation", "cognitive representation", "discourse analysis", "lexical semantics", "componential analysis", "corpus linguistics", "mental lexicon", "comparative reconstruction", "grammaticalization", "syntactic movement", "phonemic inventory", "morphological productivity", "distributional semantics", "linguistic typology"],
  steps: [{
    id: 1,
    botMessage: "Welcome to our advanced seminar on theoretical linguistics. Let's begin by examining a foundational question in the field. How would you evaluate Chomsky's Universal Grammar hypothesis in light of recent findings from linguistic typology, language acquisition studies, and evolutionary linguistics? Please address both the theoretical strengths of the nativist position and the empirical challenges it faces from crosslinguistic diversity and usage-based approaches.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Chomsky's Universal Grammar (UG) hypothesis represents one of the most influential and controversial frameworks in theoretical linguistics, positing innate linguistic knowledge that constrains language acquisition and explains cross-linguistic commonalities. Evaluating this hypothesis requires examining both its theoretical elegance and empirical adequacy across multiple dimensions of linguistic inquiry. At its core, UG proposes that humans possess an innate language faculty containing abstract principles that constrain the possible forms human languages can take. This nativist position initially emerged as a response to the 'poverty of the stimulus' argument—the observation that children acquire grammatical competence despite receiving limited, noisy linguistic input insufficient to determine the complex abstract rules they ultimately master. For Chomsky, this suggested that substantial linguistic knowledge must be innate rather than learned, with environmental input primarily serving to 'trigger' or 'set' parameters within pre-existing cognitive structures. The theoretical strengths of this position remain compelling. First, it offers a potential solution to the logical problem of language acquisition by reducing the learning burden on children through innate constraints. Second, it provides a framework for explaining observed universals in human languages despite their surface diversity. Third, it connects linguistic theory to broader questions of human cognitive uniqueness and evolution, suggesting language as a species-specific cognitive adaptation. However, several decades of cross-linguistic research, corpus studies, and experimental work have raised significant empirical challenges to the strong nativist position. Linguistic typology has revealed far greater diversity in grammatical structures than initially acknowledged in early generative frameworks. Features once proposed as universal—from constituent structure to recursive processing—have been questioned by discoveries of languages like Pirahã (claimed to lack recursion) or those with highly non-configurational syntax like Warlpiri. Even proposed universals regarding basic word order, subject prominence, or constraints on movement operations have encountered exceptions across the world's languages. This diversity problematizes both the proposed universality of specific grammatical principles and the parameter-setting model of acquisition, as the number of parameters required to accommodate global linguistic diversity would be implausibly large and complex. Language acquisition research has similarly presented mixed evidence. On one hand, certain aspects of syntactic and phonological acquisition appear consistent with innate constraints, such as structure-dependence in question formation or the developmental sequence of certain grammatical features across languages. On the other hand, usage-based and constructivist approaches have demonstrated that statistical learning mechanisms, when applied to rich linguistic input, can achieve more than previously thought possible. Computational models incorporating domain-general learning principles have successfully modeled aspects of language acquisition without innate language-specific knowledge, suggesting alternatives to strong nativism. Meanwhile, work in linguistic anthropology and sociolinguistics has emphasized the cultural evolution of languages, showing how communicative pressures and cultural transmission shape linguistic systems over time without necessitating extensive innate specifications. Recent perspectives from evolutionary linguistics further complicate the picture. While earlier approaches posited a sudden emergence of the language faculty, contemporary accounts favor gradual evolution integrating multiple cognitive systems. This view aligns better with evolutionary biology but challenges the idea of a specialized, encapsulated language acquisition device. Instead, language may emerge from the interaction of more general cognitive capacities like categorization, pattern recognition, and social cognition, combined with uniquely human innovations in areas like theory of mind and recursive thought. In response to these challenges, the Minimalist Program represents Chomsky's attempt to streamline UG to a small set of core operations, notably Merge—the ability to combine linguistic elements recursively. This move toward parsimony acknowledges criticisms while maintaining the essential nativist position. However, questions remain about whether even this minimalist approach is necessary or if language acquisition could be explained through domain-general learning mechanisms operating on the rich statistical patterns in linguistic input, combined with communicative pressures and social factors. A nuanced contemporary evaluation suggests that the truth likely lies between strong nativism and pure empiricism. Some domain-specific predispositions or constraints may facilitate language acquisition, but these may be fewer and more abstract than proposed in classical UG. The impressive capacity of machine learning systems to acquire language-like structures from statistical patterns suggests that learning plays a greater role than previously acknowledged, though human children likely employ more sophisticated learning mechanisms than current computational models. Moving forward, productive research should focus less on the binary question of whether linguistic knowledge is innate and more on specifying precisely which aspects of language acquisition might require domain-specific constraints, which can emerge from domain-general mechanisms, and how these interact with environmental input and communicative functions in shaping both individual language acquisition and language evolution. This integrative approach acknowledges both the remarkable universal capacity for language acquisition in humans and the extraordinary diversity of languages that have evolved across human cultures.", "Chomsky's Universal Grammar hypothesis has profoundly shaped theoretical linguistics since its inception, proposing that humans possess an innate language faculty that provides the architectural foundations for language acquisition and constrains the possible forms human languages can take. Evaluating this hypothesis necessitates examining both its theoretical coherence and its empirical adequacy in light of expanding cross-linguistic research, developmental studies, and evolutionary perspectives. The theoretical strengths of the Universal Grammar (UG) hypothesis remain substantial. First, it offers a potential solution to the logical problem of language acquisition—the observation that children rapidly acquire incredibly complex linguistic systems despite receiving limited and often noisy input. The 'poverty of the stimulus' argument suggests that environmental input alone cannot explain the abstract grammatical knowledge children ultimately attain, implying some form of innate structure that constrains and guides acquisition. Second, UG provides an explanatory framework for cross-linguistic universals—patterns or principles that appear across historically unrelated languages. Such universals would emerge naturally if all languages develop within constraints imposed by genetically determined cognitive structures. Third, the UG hypothesis connects linguistic theory to broader questions of human cognitive uniqueness, potentially explaining why humans alone develop complex symbolic communication systems. However, several decades of research across multiple linguistic subdisciplines have presented significant empirical challenges to the strong nativist position. Linguistic typology has revealed far greater diversity in grammatical structures than was acknowledged in early generative frameworks. Features once proposed as universal—from constituent structure to island constraints—have encountered exceptions as research has expanded beyond Indo-European languages. Languages like Pirahã have been claimed to lack recursion (though this remains disputed), while others like Warlpiri demonstrate highly non-configurational syntax that challenges assumptions about hierarchical structure. This expanding awareness of linguistic diversity problematizes both the proposed universality of specific grammatical principles and the parameter-setting model of acquisition, as the number of parameters required to accommodate global linguistic diversity would be implausibly large. Language acquisition research presents similarly mixed evidence. While children do exhibit remarkable acquisition trajectories that suggest constraints on hypothesis formation, usage-based and constructivist approaches have demonstrated that statistical learning mechanisms, when applied to rich linguistic input, can achieve more than previously thought possible. Computational models incorporating domain-general learning principles have successfully modeled aspects of language acquisition without innate language-specific knowledge. This suggests that the poverty of stimulus argument may overstate the poverty of the input and underestimate the power of general learning mechanisms. From evolutionary linguistics, the picture has also grown more complex. The strong UG hypothesis implies a relatively sudden evolutionary emergence of a specialized language faculty—a scenario difficult to reconcile with gradual evolutionary processes. More recent approaches favor a mosaic view of language evolution, where multiple cognitive systems were gradually integrated over evolutionary time. This aligns better with evolutionary biology but challenges the idea of a specialized, encapsulated language acquisition device. Instead, language may emerge from the interaction of more general cognitive capacities combined with uniquely human innovations in specific domains like theory of mind or recursive thought. In response to mounting empirical challenges, Chomsky's Minimalist Program represents an attempt to streamline UG to a minimal set of operations, notably Merge—the ability to combine linguistic elements recursively. This move toward parsimony acknowledges criticisms while maintaining the essential nativist claim. However, questions remain about whether even this minimalist approach is necessary or if language acquisition could be explained through domain-general learning mechanisms operating on the rich statistical patterns in linguistic input, combined with functional pressures from communication. The empirical landscape suggests that the truth likely lies between strong nativism and pure empiricism. Some domain-specific predispositions or constraints may facilitate language acquisition, but these may be fewer and more abstract than proposed in classical UG. Modern theoretical approaches increasingly recognize the role of both biologically determined capacities and experiential factors, with growing attention to how domain-general learning mechanisms might interact with specific linguistic input to yield the complex patterns observed in human languages. Recent work in Bayesian approaches to language acquisition, for instance, suggests how prior probabilities (potentially innate) might interact with empirical observations to constrain hypothesis formation without requiring detailed grammatical specifications in the genetic endowment. This middle-ground position acknowledges both the remarkable universal capacity for language acquisition in humans and the extraordinary diversity of languages that have evolved across human cultures. Moving forward, productive research should focus less on the binary question of whether linguistic knowledge is innate and more on specifying precisely which aspects of language acquisition might require domain-specific constraints, which can emerge from domain-general mechanisms, and how these interact with environmental input and communicative functions in shaping both individual language acquisition and the historical development of linguistic systems.", "Chomsky's Universal Grammar (UG) hypothesis stands as one of the most consequential frameworks in theoretical linguistics, proposing that humans possess an innate language faculty containing abstract principles that constrain the forms human languages can take and facilitate language acquisition. Evaluating this hypothesis requires examining its theoretical foundations, explanatory power, and empirical adequacy across multiple dimensions of linguistic inquiry. The theoretical strengths of the UG hypothesis derive from its elegant solution to fundamental problems in language acquisition and structure. First, it addresses the 'poverty of the stimulus' argument—the observation that children acquire grammatical competence despite receiving linguistic input that appears insufficient to determine the complex abstract rules they ultimately master. For Chomsky, this logical problem necessitates substantial innate linguistic knowledge, with environmental input primarily serving to 'trigger' or 'set' parameters within pre-existing cognitive structures. Second, UG offers explanatory power regarding linguistic universals—features shared across languages despite their historical independence—by grounding these commonalities in species-wide cognitive architecture. Third, it provides a framework for understanding linguistic creativity, particularly the capacity to generate and comprehend novel sentences, by positing recursive generative mechanisms as part of our biological endowment. However, decades of cross-linguistic research, corpus studies, and experimental work have raised significant empirical challenges to strong nativist positions. Linguistic typology has revealed far greater diversity in grammatical structures than initially acknowledged in early generative frameworks. Features once proposed as universal—from constituent structure to recursive processing, subject prominence to island constraints—have been questioned by discoveries of languages that appear to violate these principles. The expanding documentation of non-Indo-European languages has revealed phenomena that strain the explanatory adequacy of early UG formulations, requiring increasingly complex parameterizations to accommodate linguistic diversity. This typological diversity problematizes both the proposed universality of specific grammatical principles and the parameter-setting model of acquisition, as the number of parameters required to accommodate global linguistic diversity would be implausibly large and complex for a biologically encoded system. Language acquisition research presents similarly mixed evidence. While certain acquisition patterns appear consistent with innate constraints—such as structure-dependence in question formation or the developmental sequence of certain grammatical features across languages—usage-based and constructivist approaches have demonstrated that statistical learning mechanisms can achieve more than previously thought possible when applied to rich linguistic input. Computational models incorporating domain-general learning principles have successfully modeled aspects of language acquisition without innate language-specific knowledge, suggesting alternatives to strong nativism. Bayesian approaches to language acquisition have shown how prior probabilities (potentially reflecting innate biases) might interact with linguistic experience to constrain hypothesis formation without requiring detailed grammatical specifications in the genetic endowment. Recent perspectives from evolutionary linguistics further complicate the picture. The strong UG hypothesis implies a relatively rapid evolutionary emergence of a complex, specialized language faculty—a scenario difficult to reconcile with gradual evolutionary processes. Contemporary accounts favor a mosaic view of language evolution, where multiple cognitive systems were gradually integrated over evolutionary time. This view aligns better with evolutionary biology but challenges the idea of a specialized, encapsulated language acquisition device. Instead, language may emerge from the interaction of more general cognitive capacities like categorization, pattern recognition, and social cognition, combined with uniquely human innovations in specific domains. In response to these challenges, Chomsky's Minimalist Program represents an attempt to streamline UG to a small set of core operations, notably Merge—the ability to combine linguistic elements recursively. This move toward parsimony acknowledges empirical criticisms while maintaining the essential nativist position. However, questions remain about whether even this minimalist approach is necessary or if language acquisition could be explained through domain-general learning mechanisms operating within biological constraints that are not language-specific. A nuanced contemporary evaluation suggests that the truth likely lies between strong nativism and pure empiricism. Some domain-specific predispositions or constraints may facilitate language acquisition, but these may be fewer and more abstract than proposed in classical UG. The impressive capacity of machine learning systems to acquire language-like structures from statistical patterns suggests that learning plays a greater role than previously acknowledged, though human children likely employ more sophisticated learning mechanisms than current computational models. Moving forward, productive research should focus less on the binary question of whether linguistic knowledge is innate and more on specifying precisely which aspects of language acquisition might require domain-specific constraints, which can emerge from domain-general mechanisms, and how these interact with environmental input and communicative functions in shaping both individual language acquisition and language evolution. This integrative approach acknowledges both the remarkable universal capacity for language acquisition in humans and the extraordinary diversity of languages that have evolved across human cultures."],
    hints: "Evaluate Chomsky's Universal Grammar hypothesis considering recent findings from linguistic typology, language acquisition studies, and evolutionary linguistics, addressing theoretical strengths of the nativist position and empirical challenges from crosslinguistic diversity and usage-based approaches.",
    expectedKeywords: ["Universal Grammar", "Chomsky", "nativist", "poverty of stimulus", "language acquisition", "linguistic typology", "crosslinguistic diversity", "minimalist program", "parameters", "innate", "recursion", "merge", "evolutionary linguistics", "usage-based", "domain-general", "empirical"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation of Universal Grammar demonstrates exceptional theoretical understanding and empirical awareness. Building on this foundation, let's explore another fundamental question in linguistics: How would you analyze the relationship between formal semantic theories and pragmatic approaches to meaning, particularly regarding phenomena like presupposition, implicature, and context-sensitivity? What theoretical frameworks best capture the interface between semantic content and pragmatic inference in natural language understanding?",
      partial: "You've addressed some important aspects of Universal Grammar. Could you develop your evaluation further by more explicitly addressing the theoretical strengths of the nativist position and the empirical challenges it faces from crosslinguistic diversity and usage-based approaches?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating Chomsky's Universal Grammar hypothesis in light of recent findings from linguistic typology, language acquisition studies, and evolutionary linguistics, specifically addressing both the theoretical strengths of the nativist position and the empirical challenges it faces from crosslinguistic diversity and usage-based approaches."
    }
  }, {
    id: 2,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation of Universal Grammar demonstrates exceptional theoretical understanding and empirical awareness. Building on this foundation, let's explore another fundamental question in linguistics: How would you analyze the relationship between formal semantic theories and pragmatic approaches to meaning, particularly regarding phenomena like presupposition, implicature, and context-sensitivity? What theoretical frameworks best capture the interface between semantic content and pragmatic inference in natural language understanding?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["The relationship between formal semantics and pragmatics represents one of the most complex and theoretically rich areas in linguistic theory, addressing the fundamental question of how compositional sentence meaning interacts with contextual factors to yield the richness of communicative content. This relationship has evolved significantly from early conceptions of a strict semantics-pragmatics divide toward increasingly sophisticated models of their interface, reflecting growing recognition that these domains are deeply intertwined in natural language understanding. Formal semantic theories, developing from philosophical logic and model theory, have achieved remarkable success in modeling compositional aspects of meaning using precise mathematical frameworks. From Montague's pioneering work demonstrating how natural language could be analyzed with the tools of formal logic to contemporary type-driven compositional approaches, formal semantics excels at capturing systematic aspects of meaning—quantification, binding relations, scope ambiguities, and truth-conditional content. The lambda calculus and possible worlds semantics provide powerful tools for representing lexical meanings and their compositional integration into sentential interpretations. However, numerous phenomena demonstrate that purely truth-conditional approaches to meaning are insufficient for capturing the full richness of natural language understanding. Presuppositions—background assumptions triggered by expressions like 'the king of France,' 'stop smoking,' or cleft constructions—present information that projects through various embedding environments rather than contributing to basic propositional content. Conventional implicatures, associated with expressions like 'but,' 'therefore,' or appositives, contribute non-truth-conditional meaning that nevertheless appears conventionally encoded. Conversational implicatures arise from interaction between literal content and general principles of cooperative communication, generating inferences that go beyond semantic content yet are systematically related to it. Context-sensitivity appears ubiquitous, with indexicals, demonstratives, gradable adjectives, and numerous other expressions requiring contextual parameters for interpretation. These phenomena have prompted various theoretical responses regarding the semantics-pragmatics relationship. The traditional Gricean approach posits a relatively clear distinction: semantics concerns conventional, compositional meaning, while pragmatics addresses inferential processes through which speakers convey and interpret additional meaning based on conversational principles. While this approach successfully explains many conversational implicatures, it struggles with phenomena that appear partially conventionalized yet context-sensitive. Neo-Gricean frameworks like Horn's and Levinson's have refined this approach through heuristic principles capturing generalized conversational implicatures—inferences that arise by default rather than requiring particular contextual calculations. Relevance Theory, developed by Sperber and Wilson, reconceptualizes the semantics-pragmatics interface by emphasizing cognitive rather than social principles. It proposes that interpretation involves enriching schematic logical forms through relevance-guided inferential processes to yield propositional content, blurring the semantics-pragmatics boundary. Under this view, even basic explicatures (propositional content) require pragmatic enrichment of semantically underdetermined representations, with implicatures representing further inferences beyond this initial propositional recovery. Dynamic semantics approaches like Discourse Representation Theory and File Change Semantics have reconceptualized meaning in terms of context change potentials rather than static truth conditions. These frameworks effectively model anaphora, presupposition, and discourse coherence by treating sentence meanings as functions that update discourse contexts, incorporating pragmatic aspects of interpretation into semantic representations themselves. More recent developments in formal pragmatics have sought to model pragmatic reasoning using tools from game theory, Bayesian inference, and probabilistic semantics. The Rational Speech Act framework, for instance, models pragmatic interpretation as recursive Bayesian inference, where listeners reason about speakers who reason about listeners, capturing implicature derivation, reference resolution, and other pragmatic phenomena within a formal framework that maintains clarity about the distinct contributions of semantics and pragmatics while modeling their interaction. Regarding specific phenomena at the semantics-pragmatics interface, presupposition has generated particularly rich theoretical developments. The projection problem—how presuppositions behave under embedding—has prompted solutions ranging from dynamic approaches where presuppositions impose definedness conditions on context updates to more pragmatic accounts emphasizing accommodation processes. Similarly, scalar implicatures have motivated competing analyses: grammatical approaches positing covert exhaustification operators within the semantic representation versus pragmatic accounts deriving these inferences through reasoning about alternatives the speaker could have used. Context-sensitivity presents another theoretical frontier, with debates between indexicalist approaches that locate context-dependence in semantic representation versus contextualist positions that emphasize pragmatic processes of free enrichment or modulation of semantic content. Contemporary research increasingly recognizes that no single theoretical framework fully captures the semantics-pragmatics interface. Rather, different phenomena may require different treatment, with some aspects of meaning more amenable to formal semantic representation and others better captured through pragmatic principles. The most promising approaches maintain the distinction between compositional semantic content and pragmatic inference while developing sophisticated models of their interaction, recognizing both the conventionalized nature of certain pragmatic phenomena and the context-sensitivity of seemingly semantic interpretations. Moving forward, interdisciplinary approaches integrating formal, experimental, and computational methods offer particularly promising avenues for advancing our understanding of the semantics-pragmatics interface. Experimental pragmatics provides empirical data on how actual language users derive implicatures, process presuppositions, and resolve context-sensitivity, constraining theoretical models. Computational approaches implementing formal theories of pragmatic reasoning demonstrate how seemingly complex inferential processes can be modeled through relatively simple recursive principles operating over semantic representations. These developments suggest that while the semantics-pragmatics distinction remains theoretically valuable, meaning in natural language is fundamentally shaped by their intricate interaction—semantic structures providing compositional scaffolding that pragmatic processes elaborate through contextual reasoning to yield the richness of communicated content.", "The relationship between formal semantic theories and pragmatic approaches to meaning represents one of the most intricate and theoretically consequential areas in linguistic theory, addressing how compositional sentence meaning interacts with contextual factors to yield the rich content of actual communication. This relationship has evolved significantly from early conceptions of a clear semantics-pragmatics divide toward increasingly sophisticated models of their interface, reflecting growing recognition that these domains are fundamentally intertwined in natural language understanding. Formal semantic approaches, developing from philosophical logic and model theory, have provided powerful frameworks for analyzing compositional aspects of meaning. Beginning with Montague's groundbreaking work demonstrating how natural language could be analyzed with the tools of formal logic, these approaches have achieved remarkable success in modeling phenomena like quantification, binding relations, scope ambiguities, and truth-conditional content. The lambda calculus offers elegant mechanisms for function-argument application, while possible worlds semantics provides sophisticated tools for handling modality, propositional attitudes, and intensional contexts. These formal approaches excel at capturing systematic, rule-governed aspects of meaning that operate at the sentential level. However, numerous linguistic phenomena demonstrate that purely truth-conditional approaches to meaning are insufficient for capturing natural language understanding. Presuppositions—background assumptions triggered by expressions like 'the king of France,' 'stop smoking,' or factive verbs—present information that behaves distinctively in embedding environments, neither contributing straightforwardly to truth-conditional content nor following standard patterns of entailment. Conventional implicatures, associated with expressions like 'but,' 'therefore,' or non-restrictive relative clauses, contribute non-truth-conditional meaning that nevertheless appears conventionally encoded. Conversational implicatures arise from interaction between literal content and principles of cooperative communication, generating inferences that go beyond semantic content yet are systematically related to it. Context-sensitivity appears ubiquitous, with indexicals, demonstratives, gradable adjectives, and numerous other expressions requiring contextual parameters for interpretation. These phenomena have prompted various theoretical responses regarding the semantics-pragmatics relationship. The traditional Gricean approach posits a relatively clear distinction: semantics concerns conventional, compositional meaning, while pragmatics addresses inferential processes through which speakers convey and interpret additional meaning based on conversational principles like the Cooperative Principle and maxims of Quantity, Quality, Relation, and Manner. While this approach successfully explains many conversational implicatures, it struggles with phenomena that appear partially conventionalized yet context-sensitive. Post-Gricean developments have taken various directions in addressing these challenges. Relevance Theory, developed by Sperber and Wilson, reconceptualizes the semantics-pragmatics interface by emphasizing cognitive rather than social principles. It proposes that interpretation involves enriching schematic logical forms through relevance-guided inferential processes to yield propositional content, blurring the semantics-pragmatics boundary. Under this view, even basic explicatures (propositional content) require pragmatic enrichment of semantically underdetermined representations, with implicatures representing further inferences beyond this initial propositional recovery. Dynamic semantic approaches like Discourse Representation Theory and File Change Semantics have reconceptualized meaning in terms of context change potentials rather than static truth conditions. These frameworks effectively model anaphora, presupposition, and discourse coherence by treating sentence meanings as functions that update discourse contexts, incorporating pragmatic aspects of interpretation into semantic representations themselves. More recent developments in formal pragmatics have sought to model pragmatic reasoning using tools from game theory, Bayesian inference, and probabilistic semantics. The Rational Speech Act framework models pragmatic interpretation as recursive Bayesian inference, where listeners reason about speakers who reason about listeners, capturing implicature derivation, reference resolution, and other pragmatic phenomena within a formal framework that maintains clarity about the distinct contributions of semantics and pragmatics while modeling their interaction. Regarding specific phenomena at the semantics-pragmatics interface, presupposition has generated particularly rich theoretical developments. The projection problem—how presuppositions behave under embedding—has prompted solutions ranging from dynamic approaches where presuppositions impose definedness conditions on context updates to more pragmatic accounts emphasizing accommodation processes. Similarly, scalar implicatures have motivated competing analyses: grammatical approaches positing covert exhaustification operators within semantic representation versus pragmatic accounts deriving these inferences through reasoning about alternatives the speaker could have used. The treatment of context-sensitivity presents another theoretical frontier, with debates between indexicalist approaches that locate context-dependence in the semantic representation versus contextualist positions that emphasize pragmatic processes of free enrichment or modulation of semantic content. For phenomena like gradable adjectives ('tall'), color terms ('red'), or relational nouns ('neighbor'), determining which aspects of interpretation belong to semantics versus pragmatics remains theoretically challenging. Contemporary research increasingly recognizes that no single theoretical framework fully captures the semantics-pragmatics interface. Rather, different phenomena may require different treatment, with some aspects of meaning more amenable to formal semantic representation and others better captured through pragmatic principles. The most promising approaches maintain the distinction between compositional semantic content and pragmatic inference while developing sophisticated models of their interaction, recognizing both the conventionalized nature of certain pragmatic phenomena and the context-sensitivity of seemingly semantic interpretations. Looking forward, interdisciplinary approaches integrating formal, experimental, and computational methods offer particularly promising avenues for advancing our understanding of the semantics-pragmatics interface. Experimental pragmatics provides empirical data on how actual language users derive implicatures, process presuppositions, and resolve context-sensitivity, constraining theoretical models. Computational approaches implementing formal theories of pragmatic reasoning demonstrate how seemingly complex inferential processes can be modeled through relatively simple recursive principles operating over semantic representations. These developments suggest that while the semantics-pragmatics distinction remains theoretically valuable, meaning in natural language is fundamentally shaped by their intricate interaction—semantic structures providing compositional scaffolding that pragmatic processes elaborate through contextual reasoning to yield the richness of communicated content.", "The relationship between formal semantic theories and pragmatic approaches to meaning represents one of the most intricate and theoretically consequential areas in linguistic theory..."],
    hints: "Analyze the relationship between formal semantic theories and pragmatic approaches to meaning, with attention to phenomena like presupposition, implicature, and context-sensitivity, and discuss theoretical frameworks that best capture the semantics-pragmatics interface.",
    expectedKeywords: ["formal semantics", "pragmatics", "presupposition", "implicature", "context-sensitivity", "Gricean", "maxims", "relevance theory", "dynamic semantics", "truth-conditional", "compositional", "projection problem", "accommodation", "conventional", "conversational", "interface"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["formal semantic theories", "pragmatic approaches", "presupposition", "implicature", "context-sensitivity", "Gricean maxims", "conversational principles", "relevance theory", "dynamic semantics", "truth-conditional content", "compositionality", "projection problem", "accommodation", "conventional implicature", "conversational implicature", "semantics-pragmatics interface"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your analysis of the semantics-pragmatics interface demonstrates remarkable theoretical sophistication. Let's now explore a question at the intersection of linguistics and cognitive science: How would you evaluate the relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition based on current evidence? In your analysis, consider debates between modular versus distributed views of language processing, the role of domain-general versus language-specific learning mechanisms, and how neuroimaging and computational modeling have informed our understanding of language in the brain.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of the semantics-pragmatics relationship. Could you develop your analysis further by more specifically addressing phenomena like presupposition, implicature, and context-sensitivity, and discussing which theoretical frameworks best capture the interface between semantic content and pragmatic inference?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the relationship between formal semantic theories and pragmatic approaches to meaning, particularly regarding phenomena like presupposition, implicature, and context-sensitivity, and discussing what theoretical frameworks best capture the interface between semantic content and pragmatic inference in natural language understanding."
    }
  }, {
    id: 3,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of the semantics-pragmatics interface demonstrates remarkable theoretical sophistication. Let's now explore a question at the intersection of linguistics and cognitive science: How would you evaluate the relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition based on current evidence? In your analysis, consider debates between modular versus distributed views of language processing, the role of domain-general versus language-specific learning mechanisms, and how neuroimaging and computational modeling have informed our understanding of language in the brain.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition represents a fundamental question at the intersection of linguistics, psychology, neuroscience, and computational cognitive science. Evaluating this relationship requires synthesizing evidence from multiple methodological approaches while navigating theoretical tensions between domain-specific and domain-general perspectives on language processing and acquisition. Historically, this relationship has been conceptualized through competing frameworks that place language either as a specialized, encapsulated cognitive system or as emerging from more general cognitive capacities. The classical Chomskyan perspective, particularly in its early formulations, advanced a strongly modular view of language, proposing a dedicated language faculty with specialized computational principles operating independently from general cognition. This modularity thesis found support in apparent dissociations between linguistic and non-linguistic cognitive abilities, the proposed poverty of stimulus argument, and theoretical arguments about the uniqueness of linguistic computation. In contrast, functionalist, usage-based, and cognitive linguistic approaches have emphasized continuities between linguistic structure and general cognition, arguing that language emerges from domain-general learning mechanisms operating on rich environmental input within social-communicative contexts. These approaches highlight how linguistic structures reflect general cognitive capacities like categorization, analogy, statistical learning, and perspective-taking rather than autonomous language-specific principles. Current neurobiological evidence offers a complex picture that challenges simplistic characterizations of either position. Early localizationist models associating language strictly with Broca's and Wernicke's areas have given way to distributed network models revealing that language processing engages multiple brain regions across both hemispheres. Neuroimaging studies consistently show that language comprehension and production activate both classical 'language areas' and regions associated with domain-general functions including working memory, cognitive control, and social cognition. However, this distributed activation pattern does not necessarily invalidate modularity claims, as functional specialization can exist within interconnected networks. Meta-analyses of neuroimaging studies suggest that certain brain regions show preferential activation for linguistic processing, particularly areas within the left perisylvian network for core syntactic and phonological operations. Yet these same regions frequently participate in non-linguistic cognitive tasks, suggesting either overlapping domain-general functions or multiple specialized systems sharing neural real estate. Furthermore, neuropsychological double dissociations between language and other cognitive abilities in cases of focal brain damage provide some evidence for relative functional independence, though pure dissociations are rarer than classical modular accounts might predict. The developmental trajectory of language acquisition provides another critical perspective on this relationship. Nativist accounts emphasize the rapidity and uniformity of language acquisition despite variable input, suggesting domain-specific constraints. However, contemporary developmental research has revealed that environmental input is richer and more structured than previously assumed, while children's learning mechanisms are more powerful and statistically sensitive than earlier models acknowledged. Computational modeling has demonstrated how domain-general statistical learning mechanisms can extract sophisticated linguistic patterns from naturalistic input, challenging claims that such learning is impossible without innate linguistic knowledge. Yet these models often require architectural constraints or learning biases that might themselves reflect some domain-specificity, suggesting a middle ground where domain-general learning operates within architecturally constrained systems. Research on the relationship between language and other cognitive domains further complicates this picture. Studies of spatial cognition, number representation, theory of mind, and executive function reveal complex bidirectional relationships with language development. Cross-linguistic differences in grammatical encoding of spatial relations, number, or evidentiality correlate with variations in non-linguistic cognitive performance, suggesting that language structure can influence general cognitive processes—a finding more aligned with functionalist than strict modular accounts. However, these effects typically appear as subtle biases rather than determining cognitive capacities, preserving space for universal cognitive foundations upon which language may build. Comparative studies with non-human animals provide additional insights. While animals demonstrate sophisticated cognitive abilities in domains like categorization, statistical learning, and even rudimentary symbolic communication, they fail to acquire human-like language even with intensive training. This suggests that something unique to human cognition—whether a language-specific faculty or a particular configuration of domain-general capabilities—underlies our linguistic capacity. Recent theoretical developments have moved toward more nuanced positions that transcend the simple dichotomy between modular and distributed views. Emergentist approaches propose that domain-specific properties of language processing can arise from the interaction of domain-general mechanisms within particular architectural and developmental constraints. Similarly, Bayesian approaches to language acquisition suggest how domain-general learning mechanisms operating with appropriate inductive biases can yield apparently domain-specific learning outcomes without requiring innate linguistic content. Evolutionary perspectives increasingly favor mosaic models where language evolved through multiple adaptations of existing cognitive systems rather than the sudden emergence of a dedicated language module. Computational cognitive models further inform this debate by demonstrating how linguistic structures might emerge from general learning principles operating in communicative contexts. Connectionist models have shown how domain-general architectures can develop specialized processing patterns for linguistic tasks through experience. More recent deep learning approaches have achieved impressive language processing capabilities through general-purpose architectures trained on massive datasets, though questions remain about whether their learning trajectories and error patterns parallel human language acquisition. In evaluating the current evidence, several conclusions emerge. First, strict versions of both modularity and domain-general accounts appear inadequate; language processing involves both specialized neural circuitry and extensive integration with domain-general cognitive systems. Second, development involves complex interactions between innate architectural constraints, domain-general learning mechanisms, and structured environmental input. Third, language appears unique not because it relies on wholly unique cognitive mechanisms but because it represents a species-specific configuration and integration of cognitive capacities that individually may have non-linguistic precursors or parallels. Moving forward, progress in understanding the relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition will likely come from approaches that transcend traditional theoretical dichotomies, integrating insights from multiple methodologies while developing more precise computational models of how domain-general and domain-specific aspects of cognition interact in language processing and acquisition.", "The relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition represents a foundational question at the intersection of linguistics, cognitive science, neuroscience, and psychology. Evaluating this complex relationship requires synthesizing evidence across multiple methodological approaches while navigating longstanding theoretical tensions between domain-specific and domain-general perspectives on language. Historically, this relationship has been framed through competing theoretical paradigms that position language either as a specialized, encapsulated cognitive system or as emerging from domain-general cognitive capacities. The classical Chomskyan perspective advanced a strongly modular view of language, proposing a dedicated language faculty with specialized computational principles operating independently from general cognition. This modularity thesis found support in apparent dissociations between linguistic and non-linguistic cognitive abilities, the proposed poverty of stimulus argument in language acquisition, and theoretical arguments about the formal uniqueness of linguistic computation—particularly its hierarchical and recursive properties. Fodor's influential articulation of modularity further characterized language as an informationally encapsulated input system with proprietary processing mechanisms. In contrast, functionalist, usage-based, and cognitive linguistic approaches have emphasized continuities between linguistic structure and general cognition. These perspectives argue that language emerges from domain-general learning mechanisms operating within social-communicative contexts, highlighting how linguistic structures reflect general cognitive capacities like categorization, analogical reasoning, statistical learning, and perspective-taking rather than autonomous language-specific principles. Current neurobiological evidence provides a complex picture that challenges simplistic characterizations of either position. Early localizationist models associating language primarily with Broca's and Wernicke's areas have given way to distributed network models revealing that language processing engages multiple brain regions across both hemispheres. Contemporary neuroimaging research consistently shows that language comprehension and production activate both classical 'language areas' and regions associated with domain-general functions including working memory, cognitive control, attention, and social cognition. This distributed activation pattern complicates strict modularity claims, as language processing clearly engages neural systems supporting various cognitive functions. However, meta-analyses of neuroimaging studies suggest that certain brain regions—particularly areas within the left perisylvian network—show preferential activation for linguistic processing, especially for core syntactic and phonological operations. This preferential activation might reflect relative functional specialization, though these same regions frequently participate in non-linguistic cognitive tasks as well. Furthermore, neuropsychological studies of language disorders provide some evidence for relative functional independence of language systems. Double dissociations between language and other cognitive abilities in cases of focal brain damage suggest some degree of neurocognitive specialization. However, pure dissociations are rarer than classical modular accounts might predict, with linguistic deficits often accompanied by subtle cognitive impairments and vice versa, suggesting partially overlapping neural substrates. Developmental evidence has been similarly informative but complex. Nativist accounts emphasize the rapidity, uniformity, and errorless aspects of language acquisition despite variable input, suggesting domain-specific constraints. However, contemporary developmental research has revealed that environmental input is richer and more structured than previously assumed, while children's learning mechanisms are more powerful and statistically sensitive than earlier models acknowledged. Studies of statistical learning demonstrate infants' remarkable ability to extract distributional patterns from linguistic input, potentially supporting aspects of both lexical and grammatical acquisition through domain-general mechanisms. Computational modeling has further informed this debate by demonstrating how sophisticated linguistic structures might emerge from general learning principles. Connectionist models have shown how domain-general architectures can develop specialized processing patterns for linguistic tasks through experience. More recent deep learning approaches have achieved impressive language processing capabilities through general-purpose architectures trained on massive datasets, though questions remain about whether their learning trajectories and error patterns parallel human language acquisition. These models demonstrate that domain-general learning mechanisms can extract complex linguistic patterns from input data, challenging claims that such learning is impossible without innate linguistic knowledge. However, most successful models incorporate architectural constraints or learning biases that might themselves reflect some domain-specificity, suggesting a middle ground where domain-general learning operates within architecturally constrained systems. Cross-linguistic and cross-cultural research provides additional perspective on this relationship. While all neurotypical humans acquire language, the substantial structural variations across languages influence cognitive processes in domains like spatial cognition, time perception, and event categorization. These effects suggest bidirectional relationships between linguistic structure and general cognition rather than strict separation. However, these linguistic influences typically manifest as probabilistic biases rather than determining cognitive capacities, preserving space for universal cognitive foundations upon which language may build. Recent theoretical developments have moved toward more nuanced positions that transcend the simple dichotomy between modular and distributed views. Emergentist approaches propose that domain-specific properties of language processing can arise from the interaction of domain-general mechanisms within particular architectural and developmental constraints. Similarly, Bayesian approaches to language acquisition suggest how domain-general learning mechanisms operating with appropriate inductive biases can yield apparently domain-specific learning outcomes without requiring innate linguistic content. Evolutionary perspectives increasingly favor mosaic models where language evolved through multiple adaptations of existing cognitive systems rather than the sudden emergence of a dedicated language module. In evaluating the current evidence, several conclusions emerge. First, strict versions of both modularity and domain-general accounts appear inadequate; language processing involves both specialized neural circuitry and extensive integration with domain-general cognitive systems. Second, language acquisition involves complex interactions between architectural constraints, domain-general learning mechanisms, and structured environmental input. Third, language appears unique not because it relies on wholly unique cognitive mechanisms but because it represents a species-specific configuration and integration of cognitive capacities that individually may have non-linguistic precursors or parallels. Moving forward, progress in understanding the relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition will likely come from approaches that transcend traditional theoretical dichotomies while developing more precise computational models of how domain-general and domain-specific aspects of cognition interact in language processing and acquisition.", "The relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition represents a central question at the intersection of linguistics, cognitive science, and neuroscience, with profound implications for our understanding of both language and the mind. Evaluating this relationship requires synthesizing evidence across multiple methodological approaches while navigating theoretical tensions between domain-specific and domain-general accounts of language processing and acquisition. Historically, this relationship has been conceptualized through competing frameworks that position language either as a specialized cognitive system or as emerging from more general cognitive capacities. The classical Chomskyan perspective proposed a dedicated language faculty with specialized computational principles operating largely independently from general cognition. This modularity thesis found support in apparent dissociations between linguistic and non-linguistic abilities, the proposed poverty of stimulus argument, and claims about the formal uniqueness of linguistic computation. Fodor's influential formulation characterized language as an informationally encapsulated input system with proprietary processing mechanisms and domain-specific representations. In contrast, functionalist, usage-based, and cognitive linguistic approaches have emphasized continuities between linguistic structure and general cognition. These perspectives argue that language emerges from domain-general learning mechanisms operating on rich environmental input within social-communicative contexts. They highlight how linguistic structures reflect general cognitive capacities like categorization, analogical reasoning, statistical learning, and perspective-taking rather than autonomous language-specific principles. Current neuroscientific evidence offers a complex picture that challenges simplistic characterizations of either position. Early localizationist models associating language primarily with Broca's and Wernicke's areas have given way to distributed network models revealing that language processing engages multiple brain regions across both hemispheres. Contemporary neuroimaging consistently shows that language comprehension and production activate both classical 'language areas' and regions associated with domain-general functions including working memory, cognitive control, and social cognition. This distributed activation pattern challenges strict modularity claims, as language processing clearly engages neural systems supporting various cognitive functions. However, meta-analyses of neuroimaging studies suggest that certain brain regions—particularly within the left perisylvian network—show preferential activation for linguistic processing, especially for core syntactic and phonological operations. This preferential recruitment might reflect relative functional specialization, though these same regions frequently participate in non-linguistic tasks as well, suggesting either overlapping domain-general functions or multiple specialized systems sharing neural infrastructure. Furthermore, neuropsychological studies of language disorders provide evidence for relative functional independence of language systems. Double dissociations between linguistic and non-linguistic cognitive abilities in cases of focal brain damage suggest some degree of neurocognitive specialization. However, pure dissociations are rarer than classical modular accounts might predict, with linguistic deficits often accompanied by subtle cognitive impairments and vice versa, suggesting partially overlapping neural substrates. The developmental trajectory of language acquisition provides another critical perspective. Nativist accounts emphasize the rapidity and uniformity of language acquisition despite variable input, suggesting domain-specific constraints. However, contemporary developmental research has revealed that environmental input is richer and more structured than previously assumed, while children's learning mechanisms are more powerful and statistically sensitive than earlier models acknowledged. Studies of statistical learning demonstrate infants' remarkable ability to extract distributional patterns from linguistic input, potentially supporting aspects of both lexical and grammatical acquisition through domain-general mechanisms. Computational modeling has further informed this debate by demonstrating how sophisticated linguistic structures might emerge from general learning principles. Connectionist models have shown how domain-general architectures can develop specialized processing patterns for linguistic tasks through experience. More recent deep learning approaches have achieved impressive language processing capabilities through general-purpose architectures trained on massive datasets. These models demonstrate that domain-general learning mechanisms can extract complex linguistic patterns from input data, challenging claims that such learning is impossible without innate linguistic knowledge. However, most successful models incorporate architectural constraints or learning biases that might themselves reflect some domain-specificity, suggesting a middle ground where domain-general learning operates within architecturally constrained systems. Research on the relationship between language and other cognitive domains further complicates this picture. Studies of spatial cognition, number representation, and social cognition reveal complex bidirectional relationships with language development. Cross-linguistic differences in grammatical encoding of spatial relations, number, or evidentiality correlate with variations in non-linguistic cognitive performance, suggesting that language structure can influence general cognitive processes—a finding more aligned with functionalist than strict modular accounts. However, these effects typically manifest as probabilistic biases rather than determining cognitive capacities, preserving space for universal cognitive foundations upon which language may build. Comparative studies with non-human animals provide additional insights. While animals demonstrate sophisticated cognitive abilities in domains like categorization, statistical learning, and even rudimentary symbolic communication, they fail to acquire human-like language even with intensive training. This suggests that something unique to human cognition—whether a language-specific faculty or a particular configuration of domain-general capabilities—underlies our linguistic capacity. Recent theoretical developments have moved toward more nuanced positions that transcend the simple dichotomy between modular and distributed views. Emergentist approaches propose that domain-specific properties of language processing can arise from the interaction of domain-general mechanisms within particular architectural and developmental constraints. Similarly, Bayesian approaches to language acquisition suggest how domain-general learning mechanisms operating with appropriate inductive biases can yield apparently domain-specific learning outcomes without requiring innate linguistic content. Evolutionary perspectives increasingly favor mosaic models where language evolved through multiple adaptations of existing cognitive systems rather than the sudden emergence of a dedicated language module. In evaluating the current evidence, several conclusions emerge. First, strict versions of both modularity and domain-general accounts appear inadequate; language processing involves both specialized neural circuitry and extensive integration with domain-general cognitive systems. Second, language acquisition involves complex interactions between architectural constraints, domain-general learning mechanisms, and structured environmental input. Third, language appears unique not because it relies on wholly unique cognitive mechanisms but because it represents a species-specific configuration and integration of cognitive capacities that individually may have non-linguistic precursors or parallels. Moving forward, progress will likely come from approaches that transcend traditional theoretical dichotomies, integrating insights from multiple methodologies while developing more precise computational models of how domain-general and domain-specific aspects of cognition interact in language processing and acquisition."],
    hints: "Evaluate the relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition based on current evidence, addressing debates between modular versus distributed views of language processing, domain-general versus language-specific learning mechanisms, and insights from neuroimaging and computational modeling.",
    expectedKeywords: ["modularity", "domain-general", "domain-specific", "neuroimaging", "Chomskyan", "cognitive linguistics", "neural networks", "language acquisition", "computational modeling", "dissociation", "localization", "distributed processing", "statistical learning", "specialization", "integration", "emergentist"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation of the relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition demonstrates remarkable interdisciplinary understanding. Let's now explore a sociolinguistic dimension: How would you analyze the relationship between language variation and social identity in contemporary urban contexts? Consider how features like multilingualism, style-shifting, and linguistic innovation function as resources for identity construction, and discuss methodological approaches for studying these dynamic sociolinguistic practices.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of the relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition. Could you develop your evaluation further by more explicitly addressing debates between modular versus distributed views of language processing, the role of domain-general versus language-specific learning mechanisms, and how neuroimaging and computational modeling have informed our understanding?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition based on current evidence, specifically considering debates between modular versus distributed views of language processing, the role of domain-general versus language-specific learning mechanisms, and how neuroimaging and computational modeling have informed our understanding of language in the brain."
    }
  }, {
    id: 4,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation of the relationship between linguistic structure and general cognition demonstrates remarkable interdisciplinary understanding. Let's now explore a sociolinguistic dimension: How would you analyze the relationship between language variation and social identity in contemporary urban contexts? Consider how features like multilingualism, style-shifting, and linguistic innovation function as resources for identity construction, and discuss methodological approaches for studying these dynamic sociolinguistic practices.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["The relationship between language variation and social identity in contemporary urban contexts represents a rich domain of sociolinguistic inquiry, revealing how speakers deploy linguistic resources creatively and strategically to construct, negotiate, and perform multifaceted identities within complex social landscapes. Contemporary urban environments, characterized by unprecedented linguistic diversity, rapid social change, and dense interaction networks, provide particularly illuminating contexts for examining this relationship, necessitating theoretical and methodological innovations that transcend traditional variationist paradigms. At the theoretical level, sociolinguistic approaches to identity have evolved significantly from earlier models that primarily correlated linguistic variables with predetermined social categories. Contemporary approaches, informed by social constructionist and practice theory perspectives, conceptualize identity not as a static attribute that speakers possess but as a dynamic accomplishment that emerges through social interaction. This shift has profound implications for understanding how language variation functions as a resource for identity work. Rather than simply reflecting pre-existing social categories, linguistic features serve as semiotic resources through which speakers actively construct and project social meanings, affiliations, and stances. Multilingualism constitutes a particularly significant resource for identity construction in contemporary urban contexts. Traditional concepts of bilingualism have been reconceptualized through frameworks like 'translanguaging' (García) and 'metrolingualism' (Pennycook), which emphasize how speakers strategically deploy features from multiple named languages and varieties within unified linguistic repertoires. These practices transcend traditional code-switching models by highlighting how linguistic boundaries themselves are socially constructed and negotiable. In European urban contexts, ethnolectal varieties like Kiezdeutsch in Germany or Multicultural London English demonstrate how adolescents with diverse heritage languages develop distinctive speech styles that incorporate features from multiple linguistic systems. These practices often serve identity functions beyond simply marking ethnic affiliation, creating possibilities for expressing metropolitan, youth, or locally-anchored identities that challenge conventional ethno-linguistic categorizations. Similarly, 'crossing' practices (Rampton), where speakers temporarily adopt linguistic features associated with groups to which they do not belong, illustrate how language variation enables complex identity positioning across social boundaries. Style-shifting represents another crucial dimension of the language-identity relationship. Building on Eckert's 'third wave' variationist approach, contemporary sociolinguistics examines how speakers strategically modulate their linguistic behavior across different contexts and interactions to project varying facets of identity. Unlike earlier accommodation theories that viewed style primarily as responsive to situational formality or audience characteristics, current approaches emphasize the agentive, creative aspects of stylistic practice. Through concepts like 'styling' (Coupland) and 'style as distinctiveness' (Irvine), researchers analyze how speakers select, combine, and reconfigure linguistic resources to construct distinctive personae and negotiate their positioning within social fields. In urban youth contexts particularly, linguistic style often constitutes a central component of broader stylistic practices encompassing music, fashion, digital media, and other semiotic domains. Contemporary studies of style emphasize its indexical nature—how linguistic features acquire social meanings through their association with particular social types, stances, or ideological positions. These indexical relationships are neither fixed nor universal but emerge through language ideological processes that naturalize connections between linguistic and social phenomena. Linguistic innovation represents a third key area where language variation interfaces with identity construction. Urban environments often function as crucibles for linguistic change, generating novel forms, structures, and practices that subsequently diffuse more widely. The multiethnolect varieties mentioned earlier exemplify how contact between diverse linguistic systems catalyzes innovation, producing distinctive phonological, morphosyntactic, and lexical features that serve as identity markers for specific social groups. Digital communication contexts have further accelerated linguistic innovation, with social media platforms enabling rapid diffusion of novel linguistic forms often linked to emerging identity categories. Research on phenomena like African American Language on Twitter (Florini) or LGBTQ language practices online (Deumert, Lexander) demonstrates how linguistic innovation online interfaces with identity politics and visibility for marginalized groups. Methodologically, studying these dynamic sociolinguistic practices requires approaches that capture their contextual embeddedness, multidimensionality, and rapid evolution. Traditional variationist methods using recorded sociolinguistic interviews and quantitative variable analysis remain valuable but must be complemented by ethnographic approaches that situate linguistic practices within broader social, cultural, and interactional contexts. Linguistic ethnography has emerged as a particularly productive framework, combining fine-grained analysis of language use with ethnographic attention to participants' perspectives, institutional contexts, and ideological frameworks. The concept of 'communicative repertoire' (Rymes) provides a useful methodological lens, emphasizing how speakers deploy diverse semiotic resources across communicative contexts rather than focusing exclusively on discrete linguistic variables. Digital ethnography extends these approaches to online contexts, examining how linguistic variation functions within networked communication environments that often blur boundaries between written and spoken modalities, public and private interaction, and local and translocal audiences. Interaction-focused approaches using conversation analysis examine how identities emerge sequentially through linguistic practices in specific encounters, while discourse analytic approaches highlight how broader social discourses and power relations shape local identity performances. Contemporary sociolinguistic research increasingly employs mixed-method approaches combining these qualitative methodologies with quantitative techniques from corpus linguistics and computational sociolinguistics. Looking forward, several directions appear particularly promising for advancing our understanding of language variation and social identity in urban contexts. First, greater attention to the materiality of language—how linguistic practice interfaces with embodiment, spatial arrangements, and technological mediation—would enrich our understanding of the multimodal dimensions of identity construction. Second, longitudinal approaches tracking how language-identity relationships evolve across life trajectories and changing urban landscapes would complement the predominantly synchronic focus of current research. Third, comparative studies examining similar sociolinguistic phenomena across diverse urban contexts globally would help distinguish between locally-specific patterns and more general principles governing language variation and identity processes. Finally, greater theoretical integration between sociolinguistic approaches to identity and adjacent fields like linguistic anthropology, social psychology, and cultural geography would strengthen conceptual frameworks for understanding these complex phenomena.", "The relationship between language variation and social identity in contemporary urban contexts represents a dynamic field of sociolinguistic inquiry that has undergone significant theoretical and methodological evolution. Contemporary urban environments—characterized by unprecedented linguistic diversity, superdiversity, rapid social change, and dense interaction networks—provide particularly illuminating contexts for examining how speakers deploy linguistic resources to construct, negotiate, and perform multifaceted identities. Analyzing this relationship requires approaches that transcend traditional variationist paradigms while capturing the complexity of contemporary urban sociolinguistic practices. At the theoretical level, sociolinguistic approaches to identity have evolved from early frameworks that primarily correlated linguistic variables with predetermined social categories (class, ethnicity, gender) toward more dynamic models that conceptualize identity as emergent, performed, and contextually negotiated. This shift, influenced by social constructionist perspectives and practice theory, reconceptualizes language variation not simply as reflecting pre-existing social categories but as a resource through which speakers actively construct identities and navigate social boundaries. Penelope Eckert's distinction between 'first-wave' variationist sociolinguistics (focused on broad demographic correlations), 'second-wave' approaches (examining local community dynamics), and 'third-wave' sociolinguistics (analyzing stylistic practice and indexicality) captures this theoretical evolution. Contemporary approaches emphasize how linguistic features acquire social meanings through indexical processes, where variables come to signify particular social types, stances, or ideological positions. These indexical relationships are neither fixed nor universal but emerge through language ideological processes that naturalize connections between linguistic and social phenomena. Multilingualism constitutes a particularly significant resource for identity construction in contemporary urban contexts. Traditional concepts of discrete, bounded languages and straightforward bilingualism have been reconceptualized through frameworks like 'translanguaging' (García), 'polylanguaging' (Jørgensen), and 'metrolingualism' (Pennycook & Otsuji), which emphasize how speakers strategically deploy features from multiple named languages and varieties within unified linguistic repertoires. These approaches highlight how speakers navigate and sometimes challenge conventional linguistic boundaries through creative language practices. In European urban contexts, research on ethnolectal varieties like Kiezdeutsch in Germany (Wiese), Straattaal in the Netherlands (Nortier), or Multicultural London English (Cheshire) demonstrates how adolescents with diverse heritage languages develop distinctive speech styles that incorporate features from multiple linguistic systems. These practices often serve identity functions beyond simply marking ethnic affiliation, creating possibilities for expressing metropolitan, youth, or locally-anchored identities that transcend conventional ethno-linguistic categorizations. Similarly, Rampton's work on 'crossing'—where speakers temporarily adopt linguistic features associated with groups to which they do not belong—illustrates how language variation enables complex identity positioning across social boundaries. Style-shifting represents another crucial dimension of the language-identity relationship, with speakers strategically modulating their linguistic behavior across different contexts and interactions to project varying facets of identity. Unlike earlier accommodation theories that viewed style primarily as responsive to situational formality or audience characteristics, current approaches emphasize the agentive, creative aspects of stylistic practice. Through concepts like 'styling' (Coupland) and 'style as distinctiveness' (Irvine), researchers analyze how speakers select, combine, and reconfigure linguistic resources to construct distinctive personae and negotiate their positioning within social fields. In urban youth contexts particularly, linguistic style often constitutes a central component of broader stylistic practices encompassing music, fashion, digital media, and other semiotic domains. This multimodal understanding of style necessitates methodological approaches that capture how language interfaces with other semiotic systems in identity construction. Linguistic innovation represents a third key area where language variation interfaces with identity construction. Urban environments often function as crucibles for linguistic change, generating novel forms, structures, and practices that subsequently diffuse more widely. Multiethnolect varieties exemplify how contact between diverse linguistic systems catalyzes innovation, producing distinctive phonological, morphosyntactic, and lexical features that serve as identity markers for specific social groups. Digital communication contexts have further accelerated linguistic innovation, with social media platforms enabling rapid diffusion of novel linguistic forms often linked to emerging identity categories. Research on phenomena like African American Language on Twitter (Florini) or LGBTQ language practices online demonstrates how linguistic innovation interfaces with identity politics and visibility for marginalized groups. Methodologically, studying these dynamic sociolinguistic practices requires approaches that capture their contextual embeddedness, multidimensionality, and rapid evolution. Traditional variationist methods using recorded sociolinguistic interviews and quantitative variable analysis remain valuable but must be complemented by ethnographic approaches that situate linguistic practices within broader social, cultural, and interactional contexts. Linguistic ethnography has emerged as a particularly productive framework, combining fine-grained analysis of language use with ethnographic attention to participants' perspectives, institutional contexts, and ideological frameworks. This approach emphasizes the importance of extended engagement with communities, participant observation, and attention to speakers' metalinguistic commentary and language ideologies. The concept of 'communicative repertoire' (Rymes) provides a useful methodological lens, emphasizing how speakers deploy diverse semiotic resources across communicative contexts rather than focusing exclusively on discrete linguistic variables. Digital ethnography extends these approaches to online contexts, examining how linguistic variation functions within networked communication environments that often blur boundaries between written and spoken modalities, public and private interaction, and local and translocal audiences. These methodological innovations acknowledge that contemporary identity construction occurs across multiple modalities, contexts, and semiotic channels. Contemporary sociolinguistic research increasingly employs mixed-method approaches combining these qualitative methodologies with quantitative techniques from corpus linguistics and computational sociolinguistics. Large-scale analysis of digital communication data, for instance, can identify patterns of linguistic variation across populations while qualitative approaches provide interpretive depth regarding the social meanings and identity functions of these patterns. Looking forward, several directions appear particularly promising for advancing our understanding of language variation and social identity in urban contexts. First, greater attention to the materiality of language—how linguistic practice interfaces with embodiment, spatial arrangements, and technological mediation—would enrich our understanding of the multimodal dimensions of identity construction. Second, longitudinal approaches tracking how language-identity relationships evolve across life trajectories and changing urban landscapes would complement the predominantly synchronic focus of current research. Third, comparative studies examining similar sociolinguistic phenomena across diverse urban contexts globally would help distinguish between locally-specific patterns and more general principles governing language variation and identity processes. The relationship between language variation and social identity in urban contexts ultimately reveals how speakers navigate complex social landscapes through creative linguistic practice, deploying their communicative resources strategically to construct identities that respond to both structural constraints and agentive possibilities.", "The relationship between language variation and social identity in contemporary urban contexts represents a dynamic field of sociolinguistic inquiry..."],
    hints: "Analyze the relationship between language variation and social identity in contemporary urban contexts, discussing multilingualism, style-shifting, and linguistic innovation as resources for identity construction, and methodological approaches for studying these sociolinguistic practices.",
    expectedKeywords: ["sociolinguistic", "identity", "variation", "multilingualism", "style-shifting", "linguistic innovation", "urban", "translanguaging", "ethnolect", "crossing", "indexicality", "performance", "repertoire", "ethnography", "social meaning", "community of practice"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["language variation", "social identity", "urban contexts", "multilingualism", "style-shifting", "linguistic innovation", "identity construction", "methodological approaches", "sociolinguistic practices", "translanguaging", "ethnolects", "crossing", "indexicality", "identity performance", "linguistic repertoire", "ethnographic methods"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your analysis of language variation and social identity demonstrates exceptional sociolinguistic understanding. For our final question, let's examine a topic in historical linguistics: How would you evaluate the comparative method and internal reconstruction as approaches to historical language change? Consider their theoretical assumptions, methodological strengths and limitations, and how recent developments in computational linguistics and contact linguistics have supplemented or challenged these traditional methods of linguistic reconstruction.",
      partial: "You've made some insightful points about language variation and social identity. Could you develop your analysis further by addressing more specifically how features like multilingualism, style-shifting, and linguistic innovation function as resources for identity construction, and discussing methodological approaches for studying these dynamic sociolinguistic practices?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the relationship between language variation and social identity in contemporary urban contexts, specifically considering how features like multilingualism, style-shifting, and linguistic innovation function as resources for identity construction, and discussing methodological approaches for studying these dynamic sociolinguistic practices."
    }
  }, {
    id: 5,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of language variation and social identity demonstrates exceptional sociolinguistic understanding. For our final question, let's examine a topic in historical linguistics: How would you evaluate the comparative method and internal reconstruction as approaches to historical language change? Consider their theoretical assumptions, methodological strengths and limitations, and how recent developments in computational linguistics and contact linguistics have supplemented or challenged these traditional methods of linguistic reconstruction.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The comparative method and internal reconstruction represent the cornerstone methodologies of historical linguistics, each providing distinct yet complementary approaches to reconstructing earlier language states and understanding diachronic change. Evaluating these methodologies requires examining their theoretical foundations, procedural mechanisms, evidential requirements, and limitations, while considering how recent developments have both enhanced and challenged their application. The comparative method, formalized in the 19th century through the work of scholars like Rask, Grimm, and the Neogrammarians, operates by systematic comparison of cognate forms across genetically related languages to reconstruct their common ancestor. Its theoretical foundations rest on several critical assumptions: first, that sound changes operate regularly within a language (the Neogrammarian principle that 'sound laws suffer no exceptions'); second, that similarities between related languages resulting from common inheritance can be distinguished from those arising through chance, contact, or universal tendencies; and third, that reconstructed proto-forms represent realistic linguistic systems rather than mere formulaic abstractions. Methodologically, the comparative method proceeds through several systematic steps: identification of potential cognates across related languages; establishment of systematic sound correspondences; reconstruction of proto-sounds from these correspondences; and ultimately the reconstruction of proto-forms that parsimoniously explain the attested forms in daughter languages. This methodology has demonstrated remarkable power in reconstructing proto-languages like Proto-Indo-European, Proto-Austronesian, and Proto-Bantu, generating insights into their phonological systems, morphological structures, and lexical inventories, while establishing sound change patterns that have significantly advanced our understanding of diachronic phonology. However, the comparative method faces several inherent limitations. It cannot recover features lost in all daughter languages, potentially yielding incomplete reconstructions. Its application becomes increasingly challenging with greater time depth, as accumulated changes obscure cognate relationships and correspondences. The method provides limited temporal resolution, typically reconstructing a single proto-language state without capturing internal stages of development. Furthermore, it traditionally privileges regular sound changes while providing less systematic tools for analyzing morphological and syntactic evolution. Additionally, the comparative method's classical application sometimes underestimated the impact of language contact, dialect borrowing, and sociolinguistic factors in driving or constraining linguistic change. Internal reconstruction, in contrast, works within a single language, analyzing alternations in its morphological and phonological patterns to infer earlier language states. Theoretically, this approach assumes that many synchronic irregularities represent the residue of earlier regular processes, with morphophonemic alternations often preserving evidence of previous sound changes. Methodologically, internal reconstruction identifies alternations within paradigms, analyzes their distribution for patterns suggesting historical conditioning environments, and posits earlier forms and processes that would have generated the observed alternations. This approach proves particularly valuable for languages lacking documented relatives, for recovering stages intermediate between a proto-language and attested forms, and for identifying changes invisible to the comparative method because they affected all daughter languages. Nevertheless, internal reconstruction faces significant constraints. It cannot recover features that left no trace in alternations, typically providing more limited phonological and morphological insight than the comparative method. It offers minimal access to lexical reconstruction beyond analyzing transparent derivational relationships. The method assumes that current alternations reflect historical processes rather than analogical innovations or borrowing, an assumption not always warranted. Furthermore, the chronological ordering of changes inferred through internal reconstruction often remains ambiguous without external evidence. Recent developments in computational linguistics, contact linguistics, and other fields have both enhanced and challenged these traditional methodologies. Computational approaches have substantially transformed historical linguistics by bringing quantitative rigor and algorithmic systematicity to comparative analysis. Bayesian phylogenetic methods adapted from evolutionary biology now enable statistical modeling of language relationships, incorporating probability theory into what was traditionally a deterministic methodology. These approaches provide quantified confidence levels for reconstructions and language groupings, explicitly model uncertainty, and offer more nuanced temporal resolution through techniques like dated phylogenies. Computational approaches also facilitate the analysis of larger datasets than manual methods allow, enabling more comprehensive comparison across language families. However, these methods introduce their own theoretical assumptions—particularly regarding the regularity and independence of linguistic changes—that may not fully align with linguistic reality. Their output quality remains dependent on the validity of their input data and model assumptions, and they sometimes produce results at odds with traditionally established relationships. Contact linguistics has similarly transformed our understanding of historical change by highlighting how extensively languages influence each other's development. Traditional applications of the comparative method and internal reconstruction often assumed that inherited features could be clearly distinguished from borrowed elements, with contact primarily treated as a source of analytical 'noise' rather than a fundamental mechanism of language change. Contemporary approaches recognize that languages frequently develop within contact networks where features diffuse across genetic boundaries, creating areal convergence that complicates genetic classification. Processes like metatypy, where languages maintain lexical material from their genetic heritage while restructuring grammar through contact, challenge the traditional separation between inherited and borrowed features. Models like the Wave Theory of language change, emphasizing how innovations spread through contact networks rather than through clean genetic splits, provide alternative frameworks for understanding linguistic diversification beyond the family tree model implicit in classical comparative methodology. Advances in sociolinguistic and variationist approaches to historical linguistics have further enhanced traditional methods by providing more sophisticated models of how changes propagate through speech communities, how sociolinguistic variation prefigures diachronic change, and how factors like prestige, identity, and demographic patterns influence which innovations spread and which recede. Documentary linguistics has expanded the empirical base for historical work, providing data from previously underdocumented language families that test and refine methodologies developed primarily on Indo-European evidence. Simultaneously, linguistic typology has provided broader cross-linguistic context for evaluating the plausibility of reconstructed forms and proposed changes. Integrating these diverse approaches yields a more comprehensive framework for historical linguistics that preserves the core insights and methodological strengths of the comparative method and internal reconstruction while addressing their limitations. This integrated approach recognizes that languages develop through multiple simultaneous processes: inheritance from ancestors, internal innovation, and contact-induced change. It acknowledges that these processes interact in complex ways that resist reduction to simple tree models or wave diffusion patterns alone. It leverages computational methods while subjecting their results to linguistically informed critical evaluation. Most importantly, this contemporary approach situates linguistic change within its social, cultural, and historical context rather than treating it as an autonomous formal system. Looking forward, historical linguistics will likely continue this trajectory of methodological integration and theoretical refinement. Increasing computational sophistication will enable more nuanced modeling of complex linguistic developments, including contact effects and sociolinguistic factors. Documentary work on endangered languages will continue expanding our understanding of linguistic diversity and change across more language families. Interdisciplinary collaboration with archaeology, genetics, and history will provide independent evidence for testing linguistic hypotheses about prehistory. Through this synthesis, the field builds upon its foundational methodologies while developing more comprehensive approaches to understanding the complex processes through which languages evolve across time.", "The comparative method and internal reconstruction represent the foundational methodologies of historical linguistics, providing complementary approaches to reconstructing earlier language states and understanding diachronic change. Evaluating these approaches requires examining their theoretical premises, methodological procedures, empirical strengths, and inherent limitations, while considering how recent developments have both enhanced and challenged their application. The comparative method, systematically formalized in the 19th century through the work of scholars like Rask, Grimm, and the Neogrammarians, operates by identifying cognate forms across genetically related languages and analyzing their systematic sound correspondences to reconstruct their common ancestor. Its theoretical foundations rest on several critical assumptions: most fundamentally, that sound changes operate regularly within a language (the Neogrammarian principle that 'sound laws suffer no exceptions'); that similarities between related languages resulting from common inheritance can be distinguished from those arising through chance, contact, or typological universals; and that reconstructed proto-forms represent realistic linguistic systems rather than mere formulaic abstractions. Methodologically, the comparative method proceeds through systematic steps: identification of potential cognates; establishment of regular sound correspondences; reconstruction of proto-sounds from these correspondences; and ultimately the reconstruction of proto-forms that parsimoniously explain the attested forms in daughter languages. This methodology has demonstrated remarkable power in reconstructing proto-languages like Proto-Indo-European, Proto-Austronesian, and Proto-Bantu, providing insights into prehistoric linguistic states beyond the reach of direct documentation. The comparative method's strengths include its ability to recover phonological systems with considerable detail, its capacity to establish relative chronology of changes, and its provision of concrete evidence for genetic relationships between languages. It offers historically testable hypotheses that can be confirmed or refined through subsequent research, including the discovery of previously undocumented languages within a family. However, the comparative method faces several inherent limitations. It cannot recover features lost in all daughter languages, potentially yielding incomplete reconstructions. Its application becomes increasingly challenging with greater time depth, as accumulated changes obscure cognate relationships and correspondences. The method provides limited temporal resolution, typically reconstructing a single proto-language state without capturing its internal development over time. Furthermore, while excelling at phonological reconstruction, it provides less systematic tools for analyzing morphological and syntactic evolution. Additionally, classical application of the comparative method sometimes underestimated the impact of language contact, dialect borrowing, and sociolinguistic factors in driving linguistic change. Internal reconstruction complements the comparative method by working within a single language, analyzing alternations in its morphological and phonological patterns to infer earlier language states. Theoretically, this approach assumes that many synchronic irregularities represent the residue of earlier regular processes, with morphophonemic alternations often preserving evidence of previous sound changes. Methodologically, internal reconstruction identifies alternations within paradigms, analyzes their distribution for patterns suggesting historical conditioning environments, and posits earlier forms and processes that would have generated the observed alternations. This approach proves particularly valuable for languages lacking documented relatives, for recovering stages intermediate between a proto-language and attested forms, and for identifying changes invisible to the comparative method because they affected all daughter languages. Nevertheless, internal reconstruction faces significant constraints. It cannot recover features that left no trace in alternations, typically providing more limited phonological and morphological insight than the comparative method. It offers minimal access to lexical reconstruction beyond analyzing transparent derivational relationships. The method assumes that current alternations reflect historical processes rather than analogical innovations or borrowing, an assumption not always warranted. Furthermore, the chronological ordering of changes inferred through internal reconstruction often remains ambiguous without external evidence. Recent developments in several fields have both supplemented and challenged these traditional methodologies. Computational approaches to historical linguistics have introduced quantitative rigor and algorithmic systematicity to comparative analysis. Bayesian phylogenetic methods adapted from evolutionary biology now enable statistical modeling of language relationships, incorporating probability theory into what was traditionally a deterministic methodology. These approaches provide quantified confidence levels for reconstructions and language groupings, explicitly model uncertainty, and offer more nuanced temporal resolution through techniques like dated phylogenies. Computational methods also facilitate the analysis of larger datasets than manual methods allow, enabling more comprehensive comparison across language families. However, these methods introduce their own theoretical assumptions—particularly regarding the regularity and independence of linguistic changes—that may not fully align with linguistic reality. Their output quality remains dependent on the validity of their input data and model assumptions, and they sometimes produce results at odds with traditionally established relationships. Contact linguistics has transformed our understanding of historical change by highlighting how extensively languages influence each other's development. Traditional applications of the comparative method often assumed that inherited features could be clearly distinguished from borrowed elements, with contact primarily treated as a source of analytical 'noise' rather than a fundamental mechanism of language change. Contemporary approaches recognize that languages frequently develop within contact networks where features diffuse across genetic boundaries, creating areal convergence that complicates genetic classification. Processes like metatypy, where languages maintain lexical material from their genetic heritage while restructuring grammar through contact, challenge the traditional separation between inherited and borrowed features. Advances in sociolinguistic approaches to historical linguistics have further enhanced traditional methods by providing more sophisticated models of how changes propagate through speech communities, how sociolinguistic variation prefigures diachronic change, and how factors like prestige, identity, and demographic patterns influence which innovations spread and which recede. Documentary linguistics has expanded the empirical base for historical work, providing data from previously underdocumented language families that test and refine methodologies developed primarily on Indo-European evidence. Linguistic typology has provided broader cross-linguistic context for evaluating the plausibility of reconstructed forms and proposed changes. Integrating these diverse approaches yields a more comprehensive framework for historical linguistics that preserves the core insights and methodological strengths of the comparative method and internal reconstruction while addressing their limitations. This integrated approach recognizes that languages develop through multiple simultaneous processes: inheritance from ancestors, internal innovation, and contact-induced change. It acknowledges that these processes interact in complex ways that resist reduction to simple tree models or wave diffusion patterns. It leverages computational methods while subjecting their results to linguistically informed critical evaluation. Most importantly, this contemporary approach situates linguistic change within its social, cultural, and historical context rather than treating it as an autonomous formal system. Looking forward, historical linguistics will likely continue this trajectory of methodological integration and theoretical refinement. Increasing computational sophistication will enable more nuanced modeling of complex linguistic developments, including contact effects and sociolinguistic factors. Documentary work on endangered languages will continue expanding our understanding of linguistic diversity and change across more language families. Through this synthesis, the field builds upon its foundational methodologies while developing more comprehensive approaches to understanding the complex processes through which languages evolve across time.", "The comparative method and internal reconstruction stand as the foundational methodologies of historical linguistics, providing complementary approaches to reconstructing earlier language states and understanding diachronic change. Evaluating these methodologies requires examining their theoretical foundations, procedural mechanisms, evidential strengths, and inherent limitations, while considering how contemporary developments have both enhanced and challenged their traditional application. The comparative method, systematically formalized in the 19th century by scholars like Rask, Grimm, Bopp, and the Neogrammarians, operates through systematic comparison of cognate forms across genetically related languages to reconstruct their common ancestor. Its theoretical foundations rest on several critical assumptions: first, that sound changes operate regularly within a language (the Neogrammarian principle that 'sound laws suffer no exceptions'); second, that similarities between related languages resulting from common inheritance can be distinguished from those arising through chance, contact, or typological universals; and third, that reconstructed proto-forms represent realistic linguistic systems rather than mere formulaic abstractions. Methodologically, the comparative method proceeds through systematic steps: identification of potential cognate sets; establishment of regular sound correspondences; reconstruction of proto-phonemes from these correspondences; and ultimately the reconstruction of proto-forms that parsimoniously account for the attested forms in daughter languages. This methodology has demonstrated remarkable power in reconstructing proto-languages across numerous language families, providing insights into prehistoric linguistic states beyond documentary evidence. The comparative method excels particularly in phonological reconstruction, where it can recover detailed sound systems and sound change patterns with considerable precision. It establishes relative chronology of changes through principles like sequencing innovations that define subgroups. Perhaps most significantly, it provides empirically testable hypotheses about linguistic prehistory that can be confirmed, refined, or challenged through subsequent research. However, the comparative method faces several inherent limitations. It cannot recover features lost in all daughter languages, potentially yielding incomplete reconstructions. Its application becomes increasingly challenging with greater time depth, as accumulated changes obscure cognate relationships and correspondences. The method provides limited temporal resolution, typically reconstructing a single proto-language state without capturing internal stages of development. While excelling at phonological reconstruction, it provides less systematic tools for analyzing morphological and syntactic evolution, though frameworks like grammaticalization theory have partially addressed this gap. Additionally, classical applications sometimes underestimated the impact of language contact, dialect borrowing, and sociolinguistic factors in linguistic change. Internal reconstruction complements the comparative method by working within a single language, analyzing alternations in its morphological and phonological patterns to infer earlier language states. Theoretically, this approach assumes that many synchronic irregularities represent the residue of earlier regular processes, with morphophonemic alternations often preserving evidence of previous sound changes. Methodologically, internal reconstruction identifies alternations within paradigms, analyzes their distribution for patterns suggesting historical conditioning environments, and posits earlier forms and processes that would have generated the observed alternations. This approach proves particularly valuable for languages lacking documented relatives, for recovering stages intermediate between a proto-language and attested forms, and for identifying changes invisible to the comparative method because they affected all daughter languages. Nevertheless, internal reconstruction faces significant constraints. It cannot recover features that left no trace in alternations, typically providing more limited phonological and morphological insight than the comparative method. It offers minimal access to lexical reconstruction beyond analyzing transparent derivational relationships. The method assumes that current alternations reflect historical processes rather than analogical innovations or borrowing, an assumption not always warranted. Furthermore, the chronological ordering of changes inferred through internal reconstruction often remains ambiguous without external evidence. Recent developments across multiple fields have both supplemented and challenged these traditional methodologies. Computational linguistics has transformed historical research by introducing quantitative rigor and algorithmic systematicity to comparative analysis. Bayesian phylogenetic methods adapted from evolutionary biology now enable statistical modeling of language relationships, incorporating probability theory into what was traditionally a deterministic methodology. These approaches provide quantified confidence levels for reconstructions and language groupings, explicitly model uncertainty, and offer more nuanced temporal resolution through techniques like dated phylogenies. Computational methods also facilitate the analysis of larger datasets than manual methods allow, enabling more comprehensive comparison across language families. However, computational approaches introduce their own theoretical assumptions—particularly regarding the regularity and independence of linguistic changes—that may not fully align with linguistic reality. Their output quality remains dependent on the validity of their input data and underlying model assumptions, and they sometimes produce results at odds with traditionally established relationships. Contact linguistics has similarly transformed our understanding of historical change by highlighting how extensively languages influence each other's development. Traditional applications of the comparative method often assumed that inherited features could be clearly distinguished from borrowed elements, with contact primarily treated as a source of analytical 'noise rather than a fundamental mechanism of language change. Contemporary approaches recognize that languages frequently develop within contact networks where features diffuse across genetic boundaries, creating areal convergence that complicates genetic classification. Processes like metatypy, where languages maintain lexical material from their genetic heritage while restructuring grammar through contact, challenge the traditional separation between inherited and borrowed features. Models like the Wave Theory of language change, emphasizing how innovations spread through contact networks rather than through clean genetic splits, provide alternative frameworks for understanding linguistic diversification beyond the family tree model implicit in classical comparative methodology. Advances in sociolinguistic approaches to historical linguistics have further enhanced traditional methods by providing more sophisticated models of how changes propagate through speech communities, how sociolinguistic variation prefigures diachronic change, and how factors like prestige, identity, and demographic patterns influence which innovations spread and which recede. Documentary linguistics has expanded the empirical base for historical work, providing data from previously underdocumented language families that test and refine methodologies developed primarily on Indo-European evidence. Linguistic typology has provided broader cross-linguistic context for evaluating the plausibility of reconstructed forms and proposed changes. Integrating these diverse approaches yields a more comprehensive framework for historical linguistics that preserves the core insights and methodological strengths of the comparative method and internal reconstruction while addressing their limitations. This integrated approach recognizes that languages develop through multiple simultaneous processes: inheritance from ancestors, internal innovation, and contact-induced change. It acknowledges that these processes interact in complex ways that resist reduction to simple tree models or wave diffusion patterns alone. It leverages computational methods while subjecting their results to linguistically informed critical evaluation. Most importantly, this contemporary approach situates linguistic change within its social, cultural, and historical context rather than treating it as an autonomous formal system. Looking forward, historical linguistics will likely continue this trajectory of methodological integration and theoretical refinement. Increasing computational sophistication will enable more nuanced modeling of complex linguistic developments, including contact effects and sociolinguistic factors. Documentary work on endangered languages will continue expanding our understanding of linguistic diversity and change across more language families. Through this synthesis, the field builds upon its foundational methodologies while developing more comprehensive approaches to understanding the complex processes through which languages evolve across time."],
    hints: "Evaluate the comparative method and internal reconstruction as approaches to historical language change, analyzing their theoretical assumptions, methodological strengths and limitations, and how developments in computational linguistics and contact linguistics have supplemented or challenged these traditional methods.",
    expectedKeywords: ["comparative method", "internal reconstruction", "historical linguistics", "proto-language", "cognate", "sound correspondence", "regularity", "Neogrammarian", "reconstruction", "alternation", "computational", "phylogenetic", "borrowing", "contact", "family tree model", "wave theory", "diachronic"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that sophisticated evaluation of historical linguistic methods. Your discussion throughout this seminar has demonstrated exceptional mastery of linguistic concepts across multiple subfields. You've shown remarkable ability to analyze complex linguistic phenomena, evaluate competing theoretical frameworks, and articulate nuanced positions with exceptional clarity. This concludes our advanced seminar on theoretical and applied linguistics.",
      partial: "You've addressed some important aspects of historical linguistics methods. Could you develop your evaluation further by more explicitly addressing the theoretical assumptions and methodological strengths and limitations of both the comparative method and internal reconstruction, and how recent developments have supplemented or challenged these traditional approaches?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the comparative method and internal reconstruction as approaches to historical language change, specifically addressing their theoretical assumptions, methodological strengths and limitations, and how recent developments in computational linguistics and contact linguistics have supplemented or challenged these traditional methods of linguistic reconstruction."
    }
  }],
  completionMessage: "Congratulations! You've successfully completed the Advanced Linguistics scenario, demonstrating exceptional mastery of complex linguistic concepts and communication skills. Your responses showed sophisticated understanding of theoretical frameworks, ability to analyze language phenomena across multiple levels, and skill in articulating nuanced linguistic positions with remarkable precision and clarity. You effectively employed specialized linguistic vocabulary and complex grammatical structures appropriate for high-level academic discourse in linguistics. This exercise showcased your ability to evaluate competing theoretical models, synthesize evidence from different linguistic subdisciplines, and communicate abstract linguistic principles with exceptional fluency—all essential skills for mastery-level English communication in advanced academic contexts.",
  learningObjectives: ["Demonstrate mastery of complex linguistic concepts and terminology", "Analyze language phenomena across multiple linguistic levels", "Evaluate competing theoretical frameworks in linguistics", "Articulate nuanced positions on language acquisition and evolution", "Communicate abstract linguistic principles with exceptional clarity", "Synthesize evidence from different linguistic subdisciplines", "Apply linguistic theory to empirical language phenomena", "Structure complex linguistic arguments with logical progression"],
  grammar: {
    points: ["Complex sentences with multiple subordinate clauses for elaborate theoretical exposition", "Sophisticated conditional structures for linguistic hypotheses and counterfactuals", "Advanced passive constructions for academic objectivity", "Complex noun phrases with multiple technical modifiers", "Nuanced hedging language for appropriate theoretical tentativeness", "Varied connectives for building sophisticated argumentative structures", "Precise use of modal verbs for expressing theoretical possibility and necessity"]
  }
});
var _default = exports.default = advancedLinguistics;
//# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,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