8e514f619aa09d98374ca6ab73bd8db2
Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", {
  value: true
});
exports.default = void 0;
var economicPolicyAnalysis = {
  id: 6,
  title: "Economic Policy Analysis",
  level: "C2",
  description: "Engage in a sophisticated discussion on economic policy analysis, demonstrating mastery of advanced economic concepts, ability to evaluate competing policy frameworks, analyze empirical evidence, articulate complex economic mechanisms, and communicate abstract economic principles with exceptional precision and clarity.",
  estimatedTime: "35-40 minutes",
  vocabulary: ["fiscal multiplier", "monetary transmission mechanism", "distributional impact", "productivity externalities", "macroprudential regulation", "dynamic stochastic general equilibrium", "countercyclical buffer", "endogenous growth theory", "inflationary expectations", "quantitative easing", "structural adjustment", "Gini coefficient", "price elasticity", "capital account liberalization", "sovereign debt sustainability", "hysteresis effect", "credit channel", "automatic stabilizer", "optimal currency area", "liquidity trap", "regulatory arbitrage", "disintermediation", "shadow banking system", "output gap", "financial accelerator"],
  steps: [{
    id: 1,
    botMessage: "Welcome to our advanced seminar on economic policy analysis. As we begin our exploration of contemporary macroeconomic policy challenges, I'd like to start with a fundamental question: How would you critically evaluate the effectiveness of unconventional monetary policies implemented by major central banks since the 2008 financial crisis, particularly assessing their macroeconomic impacts, distributional consequences, and long-term implications for central banking frameworks?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The unconventional monetary policies implemented by major central banks following the 2008 financial crisis represent an unprecedented expansion of central bank intervention in financial markets and the broader economy. These policies—including quantitative easing (QE), negative interest rates, forward guidance, and targeted lending operations—merit critical evaluation across multiple dimensions: their macroeconomic effectiveness, distributional consequences, and implications for the future of central banking. Regarding macroeconomic effectiveness, the evidence suggests these policies have been partially successful but with important limitations. Quantitative easing programs implemented by the Federal Reserve, European Central Bank, Bank of Japan, and Bank of England likely prevented more severe economic contractions by supporting asset prices, reducing long-term interest rates, and restoring market functioning during periods of financial stress. Research by Gagnon et al. (2011) and subsequent studies estimate that large-scale asset purchases reduced long-term yields by approximately 30-100 basis points, while Joyce et al. (2012) found similar effects for the UK. These interest rate effects transmitted to the real economy through various channels: portfolio rebalancing encouraged investors toward riskier assets, wealth effects supported consumer spending, and lower borrowing costs stimulated some investment activity. However, the macroeconomic impact appears to have diminished with successive rounds of QE, suggesting decreasing marginal returns to these interventions. Moreover, the transmission mechanisms proved less effective than anticipated due to several factors: impaired banking systems prioritizing balance sheet repair over lending expansion, debt overhang among households and corporations limiting credit demand, and the fundamental constraint of the zero lower bound environment. The policy counterfactual remains inherently unobservable, but econometric estimates suggest unconventional policies added approximately 1-2 percentage points to GDP growth in the US and somewhat less in the Eurozone, where implementation was delayed and initially less aggressive. The distributional consequences of these policies have been significant and multifaceted, raising important normative questions about central bank mandates. By design, unconventional monetary policies operated primarily through asset price channels, disproportionately benefiting asset owners and potentially exacerbating wealth inequality. The substantial appreciation of equity and real estate markets following QE programs primarily benefited households already positioned in the upper percentiles of the wealth distribution. However, the distributional analysis must also consider the counterfactual scenario of deeper recessions, which would have disproportionately harmed lower-income households through unemployment. Research by Domanski et al. (2016) and subsequent studies confirm that while unconventional policies likely increased wealth inequality through asset price effects, they may have simultaneously reduced income inequality by supporting employment levels. The policies also created intergenerational distributional effects: benefiting older generations with established asset portfolios while presenting younger generations with housing affordability challenges and potential future tax burdens should monetary expansion ultimately prove inflationary. Critically, these distributional consequences have emerged from policies implemented by institutions designed to be politically independent and narrowly focused on price stability and financial system functionality, raising questions about democratic accountability when central bank actions have significant redistributive implications. The long-term implications for central banking frameworks are profound and still evolving. First, the expanded balance sheets of major central banks (from approximately 15% of GDP pre-crisis to 20-40% for the Fed and ECB, and over 100% for the Bank of Japan) represent a structural shift that complicates eventual normalization. Attempts to substantially reduce these balance sheets, as briefly pursued by the Federal Reserve in 2018-19, created market disruptions that forced policy reversals. Second, the boundary between monetary and fiscal policy has become increasingly blurred, particularly in cases where central banks purchased significant portions of government debt issuance. This raises concerns about fiscal dominance, where monetary policy becomes subordinated to government financing needs rather than independently pursuing price stability objectives. Third, central bank independence—a cornerstone of pre-crisis monetary frameworks—faces new challenges amid growing political scrutiny of central banks' expanded powers and their distributional consequences. The normative justification for independence relied partly on the presumed narrow technical nature of interest rate setting, a premise challenged by the broader macroeconomic management role central banks have assumed. Fourth, these policies have introduced potential financial stability risks through several channels: encouraging excessive risk-taking in a low-yield environment, reducing market discipline, and potentially creating asset bubbles that could trigger future crises when monetary accommodation is withdrawn. Finally, the communication challenges associated with complex unconventional policies have strained central banks' ability to effectively manage expectations, a crucial transmission channel in modern monetary frameworks. Moving forward, central banks face difficult decisions about the appropriate long-term size and composition of their balance sheets, the framework for implementing monetary policy, and their role in addressing broader economic challenges beyond price stability. The COVID-19 crisis has further expanded and entrenched unconventional policies, rendering any return to pre-2008 central banking frameworks increasingly implausible. In conclusion, unconventional monetary policies have demonstrated partial effectiveness in mitigating severe economic contractions while generating significant distributional consequences and fundamentally altering the institutional landscape of central banking. Their legacy includes both important short-term macroeconomic stabilization benefits and challenging long-term questions about the appropriate scope, tools, and governance of central bank intervention in modern economies.", "The unconventional monetary policies deployed by major central banks in response to the 2008 financial crisis and its aftermath represent a watershed moment in economic policy, fundamentally transforming central banking practices and raising profound questions about their effectiveness, distributional implications, and long-term consequences for monetary frameworks. These policies—including quantitative easing (QE), negative interest rates, forward guidance, and targeted lending operations—warrant rigorous evaluation across multiple dimensions. Regarding macroeconomic effectiveness, the empirical evidence presents a nuanced picture of significant but limited success. Unconventional measures likely prevented much deeper economic contractions by stabilizing financial markets, lowering long-term interest rates, and restoring market functioning during acute crisis periods. Research by Williams (2014) and others estimates that the Federal Reserve's asset purchases reduced 10-year Treasury yields by approximately 100-150 basis points, while similar programs by the ECB, Bank of Japan, and Bank of England generated comparable effects in their respective markets. These interest rate reductions transmitted to the real economy through multiple channels: the bank lending channel improved credit availability, the balance sheet channel enhanced household and corporate financial positions, and the exchange rate channel supported export sectors in some economies. However, the transmission mechanisms proved less powerful than conventional monetary policy for several reasons. First, the zero lower bound environment fundamentally constrained policy effectiveness by limiting the potential for expectational effects. Second, financial system impairments—particularly in Europe where banking sector fragilities persisted—hindered the credit transmission channel. Third, significant debt overhang among households and corporations dampened borrowing demand despite lower rates. Econometric counterfactual analyses, despite methodological challenges, suggest these policies added approximately 1-3 percentage points to GDP across major economies and prevented deflationary spirals that threatened after the initial crisis. Nevertheless, persistently below-target inflation in most advanced economies indicates these policies were insufficient to fully restore pre-crisis macroeconomic trajectories. Furthermore, there is evidence of diminishing returns across successive rounds of quantitative easing, particularly in Japan where decades of unconventional policies have delivered progressively smaller impacts. The distributional consequences of these interventions have been substantial and multifaceted, raising important questions about equity and the appropriate scope of central bank mandates. By operating primarily through asset price channels, unconventional policies have disproportionately benefited existing asset owners, potentially exacerbating wealth inequality. Research by Domanski et al. (2016) found that rising equity and housing prices resulting from QE disproportionately benefited households in the upper percentiles of the wealth distribution. However, the distributional analysis must also incorporate counterfactual considerations—namely, that without these interventions, unemployment would likely have reached higher levels and persisted longer, disproportionately harming lower-income households. Coibion et al. (2017) found that conventional monetary easing reduces income inequality through employment channels, and similar effects likely apply to unconventional measures. These policies have also generated significant intergenerational effects: benefiting older generations with established asset portfolios while potentially disadvantaging younger generations through housing affordability challenges and transferring economic risks into the future. The policies have further created international distributional effects through capital flows and exchange rate adjustments, with emerging market economies experiencing volatility from spillover effects of advanced economy monetary policies. Perhaps most significantly, these distributional consequences have emerged from institutions explicitly designed to be politically independent and focused on narrow technical mandates of price stability, raising questions about democratic accountability when central bank actions have substantial redistributive implications. The long-term implications for central banking frameworks are profound and still evolving. First, major central banks now operate with permanently larger balance sheets, fundamentally altering their operational frameworks. The Federal Reserve's balance sheet expanded from approximately $900 billion pre-crisis to a peak of nearly $9 trillion, while the ECB, Bank of Japan, and others experienced similar expansions. Attempts to substantially reduce these balance sheets, as briefly pursued by the Federal Reserve in 2018-19, created market disruptions that necessitated policy reversals, suggesting that enlarged central bank balance sheets may be a permanent feature of the post-crisis landscape. Second, the boundary between monetary and fiscal policy has become increasingly blurred. Large-scale government bond purchases effectively monetized fiscal deficits in all but name, while targeted lending programs directed credit to specific economic sectors, traditionally the domain of fiscal authorities. This confluence raises concerns about fiscal dominance, where monetary policy becomes subordinated to government financing needs rather than independently pursuing macroeconomic stability. Third, the expanded toolkits raise fundamental questions about central bank governance and accountability. The normative justification for central bank independence relied partly on the presumed narrow, technical nature of interest rate setting—a premise challenged by the broader economic management role central banks have assumed. Fourth, these policies have introduced potential financial stability risks through encouraging excessive risk-taking, reducing market discipline, and potentially creating asset bubbles that could trigger future crises when monetary accommodation is withdrawn. The sustainability of these policies faces significant challenges, particularly as inflation has recently emerged as a concern following the pandemic-related expansion of these measures. Central banks now confront the difficult task of unwinding unprecedented monetary accommodation while minimizing market disruptions and maintaining credibility. In conclusion, unconventional monetary policies represent a complex policy experiment that has delivered important macroeconomic stabilization benefits while generating significant distributional consequences and fundamentally altering central banking frameworks. Their legacy includes both crucial crisis management successes and challenging long-term questions about the appropriate scope, tools, and governance of central bank intervention in modern economies.", "The unconventional monetary policies implemented by major central banks since the 2008 financial crisis mark a paradigm shift in central banking practice, warranting comprehensive evaluation across their macroeconomic impacts, distributional consequences, and institutional implications. These policies—including quantitative easing (QE), negative interest rates, forward guidance, and targeted lending operations—have fundamentally transformed monetary policy implementation while generating both intended stabilization effects and unintended consequences across multiple dimensions. From a macroeconomic perspective, these interventions demonstrated partial effectiveness in achieving their primary goals, though with important limitations. In the immediate aftermath of the financial crisis, large-scale asset purchases by the Federal Reserve, European Central Bank, Bank of England, and Bank of Japan successfully stabilized financial markets, prevented systemic collapse, and restored market functioning when conventional interest rate policy had reached its effective lower bound. Empirical studies by Gagnon et al. (2011), Krishnamurthy and Vissing-Jorgensen (2013), and others estimate that QE programs reduced long-term yields by approximately 50-100 basis points across jurisdictions, while subsequent rounds produced smaller but still significant effects. These interest rate reductions transmitted to the real economy through multiple channels: portfolio rebalancing effects encouraged investors toward riskier assets, wealth effects supported consumer spending through appreciated asset values, bank lending channels improved credit availability (though less effectively in Europe where banking fragility persisted longer), and exchange rate channels supported export sectors through currency depreciation in some cases. However, the transmission mechanisms proved less powerful than anticipated due to several factors: substantial private sector deleveraging limited credit demand despite lower rates, financial system impairments hindered the bank lending channel, and the inherent constraints of operating near the zero lower bound reduced policy space and expectational effects. Econometric analyses attempting to quantify the macroeconomic impact suggest these policies added approximately 1-2 percentage points to GDP growth in the US and UK, with more modest effects in the Eurozone where implementation was delayed and initially less aggressive. Nevertheless, persistently below-target inflation across most advanced economies throughout the 2010s indicates these policies were insufficient to fully restore pre-crisis macroeconomic trajectories, pointing to their limitations as substitutes for conventional interest rate policy. Japan's experience is particularly instructive, with decades of unconventional measures delivering progressively smaller impacts—suggesting potential diminishing returns to these interventions over extended periods. The distributional consequences of these policies have been significant and multifaceted, raising important normative questions about central bank mandates. By operating primarily through asset price channels, these policies have had substantial impacts on wealth distribution. Research by Saiki and Frost (2014), Domanski et al. (2016), and Casiraghi et al. (2018) found that rising equity and housing prices resulting from QE disproportionately benefited households already positioned in the upper percentiles of the wealth distribution, potentially exacerbating wealth inequality. However, any comprehensive distributional analysis must also consider the counterfactual scenario—namely, that without these interventions, unemployment would likely have reached higher levels and persisted longer, disproportionately harming lower-income and financially vulnerable households. Studies by Bivens (2015) and others suggest that through employment channels, unconventional policies may have simultaneously reduced income inequality while increasing wealth inequality. The policies have also generated significant intergenerational effects: benefiting older generations with established asset portfolios while potentially disadvantaging younger generations through housing affordability challenges and transferring economic risks into the future. Perhaps most significantly, these distributional consequences have emerged from institutions designed to be politically independent and focused on narrow technical mandates of price stability and financial system functionality, raising fundamental questions about democratic accountability when central bank actions have substantial and persistent redistributive implications. The long-term implications for central banking frameworks are profound and still evolving. First, major central banks now operate with substantially enlarged balance sheets that fundamentally alter their operational frameworks. The Federal Reserve's balance sheet expanded from approximately $900 billion pre-crisis to nearly $9 trillion at its peak, with similar proportional increases at other major central banks. Attempts to substantially reduce these balance sheets, as briefly pursued by the Federal Reserve in 2018-19, created market disruptions that necessitated policy reversals, suggesting that enlarged central bank balance sheets may become a permanent feature of the post-crisis landscape. Second, the boundary between monetary and fiscal policy has become increasingly blurred. Large-scale government bond purchases effectively monetized fiscal deficits in all but name, while targeted lending programs directed credit to specific economic sectors, traditionally the domain of fiscal policy. This confluence raises concerns about fiscal dominance, where monetary policy becomes subordinated to government financing needs rather than independently pursuing macroeconomic stability objectives. Third, the expanded toolkits raise fundamental questions about central bank governance and accountability. The normative justification for central bank independence relied partly on the presumed narrow, technical nature of interest rate setting—a premise challenged by the broader economic management role central banks have assumed. Fourth, these policies have potentially introduced financial stability risks through several channels: encouraging excessive risk-taking in a low-yield environment, reducing market discipline, and potentially creating asset bubbles that could trigger future crises when monetary accommodation is withdrawn. The sustainability of these policies faces significant challenges, particularly as inflation has recently emerged as a concern following the pandemic-related expansion of these measures. Central banks now confront the difficult task of unwinding unprecedented monetary accommodation while minimizing market disruptions and maintaining credibility—a challenge complicated by the political economy constraints created by years of extraordinary intervention. In conclusion, unconventional monetary policies represent a complex policy experiment that has delivered important macroeconomic stabilization benefits while generating significant distributional consequences and fundamentally altering central banking frameworks. Their legacy includes both crucial crisis management successes and challenging long-term questions about the appropriate scope, tools, and governance of central bank intervention in modern economies."],
    hints: "Critically evaluate unconventional monetary policies since 2008, analyzing their macroeconomic impacts, distributional consequences, and implications for central banking frameworks.",
    expectedKeywords: ["unconventional monetary policy", "quantitative easing", "macroeconomic impact", "distributional consequences", "central banking", "financial crisis", "asset purchases", "wealth inequality", "interest rates", "fiscal dominance", "balance sheet", "forward guidance", "transmission mechanism", "zero lower bound", "counterfactual"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation of unconventional monetary policies demonstrates exceptional analytical depth and nuance. You've skillfully balanced assessment of their macroeconomic effectiveness with critical examination of their distributional implications and institutional consequences. Building on this foundation, let's explore a related dimension of contemporary economic policy. How would you evaluate the relationship between fiscal and monetary policy coordination in addressing major economic crises, comparing the policy responses to the 2008 financial crisis with those implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic?",
      partial: "You've addressed some important aspects of unconventional monetary policies. Could you develop your analysis further by more comprehensively evaluating their macroeconomic impacts, distributional consequences, and long-term implications for central banking frameworks?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on critically evaluating the effectiveness of unconventional monetary policies implemented since the 2008 financial crisis, particularly assessing their macroeconomic impacts, distributional consequences, and implications for central banking frameworks."
    }
  }, {
    id: 2,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation of unconventional monetary policies demonstrates exceptional analytical depth and nuance. You've skillfully balanced assessment of their macroeconomic effectiveness with critical examination of their distributional implications and institutional consequences. Building on this foundation, let's explore a related dimension of contemporary economic policy. How would you evaluate the relationship between fiscal and monetary policy coordination in addressing major economic crises, comparing the policy responses to the 2008 financial crisis with those implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["The relationship between fiscal and monetary policy coordination represents a crucial determinant of economic crisis response effectiveness, with the contrasting approaches to the 2008 financial crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic revealing significant evolution in economic policy frameworks. These two episodes provide illuminating case studies in how the interaction between fiscal and monetary authorities shapes crisis outcomes through policy magnitude, synchronization, and complementary transmission mechanisms. The 2008 financial crisis response featured substantial monetary-fiscal divergence, particularly after the initial acute crisis phase. While central banks implemented unprecedented monetary accommodation through conventional and unconventional channels, fiscal policy in most advanced economies pivoted toward consolidation relatively quickly. In the United States, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provided approximately $800 billion in fiscal stimulus (roughly 5.5% of GDP), but fiscal support began contracting by 2010-11 despite continued economic weakness. The Eurozone experienced even sharper fiscal-monetary divergence, with the European Central Bank's accommodative measures directly contradicted by contractionary fiscal austerity in peripheral economies experiencing sovereign debt pressures. This policy divergence reflected several factors: exaggerated concerns about sovereign debt sustainability, political constraints on fiscal expansion, and institutional frameworks that placed primary macroeconomic stabilization responsibility on central banks. The resulting policy mix forced monetary authorities to implement increasingly aggressive unconventional measures to compensate for fiscal contraction, stretching the limits of monetary effectiveness while creating the distributional consequences and institutional challenges analyzed previously. This suboptimal coordination likely contributed to the notably slow post-2008 recovery in many advanced economies. By contrast, the COVID-19 pandemic response demonstrated significantly improved fiscal-monetary coordination, with mutually reinforcing policies deployed at unprecedented scale and speed. Fiscal authorities implemented direct support measures totaling approximately 10-20% of GDP across advanced economies—including household transfers, business loans and grants, enhanced unemployment benefits, and health system support—while central banks simultaneously deployed comprehensive monetary accommodation through interest rate cuts, asset purchases, and targeted lending facilities. This closely coordinated approach reflected important lessons from the 2008 experience, including recognition of fiscal policy's essential role in addressing severe demand shocks and appreciation for monetary-fiscal complementarity rather than substitutability. Several specific coordination mechanisms proved particularly effective. First, central bank asset purchases helped maintain favorable financing conditions for expanded government borrowing, preventing bond market dysfunction despite historically large fiscal deficits. Second, fiscal measures effectively targeted sectors and households that monetary policy struggles to reach directly, addressing distributional concerns that plagued post-2008 monetary-centric approaches. Third, explicit policy synchronization through consistent communication reduced uncertainty and amplified confidence effects beyond what either policy could achieve independently. The institutional arrangements facilitating this coordination varied across jurisdictions. In the United States, the Federal Reserve and Treasury demonstrated effective informal coordination while maintaining operational independence. In contrast, the European response benefited from new institutional mechanisms developed after the Eurozone crisis, including the Recovery and Resilience Facility that enabled coordinated fiscal response despite continued structural constraints on centralized fiscal capacity. The varying outcomes of these different coordination approaches can be evaluated across several dimensions. The 2008 response, characterized by monetary dominance and fiscal restraint, likely prolonged recovery timeframes, exacerbated inequality through asset price channels, and placed excessive pressure on monetary frameworks. The COVID-19 response, featuring robust coordination, appears to have facilitated more rapid economic recovery, more effectively protected vulnerable households and sectors, and more equitably distributed both the costs of the crisis and the benefits of policy support. However, the COVID-19 approach has generated different challenges, including potential inflationary pressures from the combined demand effects of simultaneous monetary and fiscal expansion. This risk highlights an important tension: while close coordination enhances crisis response effectiveness, it potentially complicates the subsequent normalization process, particularly if monetary and fiscal authorities face divergent institutional incentives during the withdrawal of exceptional measures. This comparison illuminates several broader principles regarding effective monetary-fiscal coordination. First, optimal crisis response requires recognizing the complementary strengths of each policy domain—monetary policy's speed and flexibility combined with fiscal policy's targeting precision and distributional control. Second, institutional frameworks must balance the benefits of policy independence with mechanisms for coordination during exceptional circumstances. Third, the political economy constraints on fiscal policy remain a significant challenge to sustained coordination, as demonstrated by premature fiscal consolidation after 2008. Looking forward, several implications emerge for future crisis management. Institutional mechanisms facilitating monetary-fiscal coordination while preserving appropriate operational independence should be strengthened. The distributional consequences of different policy mixes must be explicitly incorporated into crisis response design rather than treated as secondary considerations. Finally, the international dimensions of policy coordination require greater attention, as both crises demonstrated significant spillover effects between national policy decisions. In conclusion, the evolution from the deeply flawed monetary-fiscal coordination of the 2008 response to the more effective approach during COVID-19 represents important progress in economic crisis management frameworks. However, sustaining this progress requires continued institutional development and political commitment to balanced policy approaches, particularly as short-term political incentives often favor suboptimal coordination once the acute phase of crisis has passed.", "The relationship between fiscal and monetary policy coordination represents a critical dimension of macroeconomic crisis management, with the contrasting approaches to the 2008 financial crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic revealing significant evolution in economic policy frameworks. These two episodes provide illuminating case studies in how the interaction between these policy domains shapes crisis outcomes through their respective magnitudes, timing, transmission mechanisms, and institutional arrangements. The 2008 financial crisis response was characterized by significant monetary-fiscal divergence, particularly following the initial crisis containment phase. While central banks implemented unprecedented monetary accommodation through both conventional and unconventional channels, fiscal policy in most advanced economies pivoted toward consolidation relatively quickly. In the United States, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 provided approximately $800 billion in fiscal stimulus (roughly 5.5% of GDP), but this support began tapering by 2010-11 despite continued labor market weakness and below-target inflation. In the Eurozone, the divergence was even more pronounced, with the European Central Bank's accommodative measures directly contradicted by contractionary fiscal austerity in peripheral economies facing sovereign debt pressures. This policy misalignment reflected several factors: exaggerated concerns about public debt sustainability, political resistance to sustained deficit spending, incomplete banking union mechanisms that heightened sovereign-bank feedback loops, and institutional frameworks that placed primary macroeconomic stabilization responsibility on central banks. The resulting policy mix forced monetary authorities to implement increasingly aggressive unconventional measures to compensate for fiscal contraction, stretching the limits of monetary effectiveness while creating the distributional consequences and institutional challenges discussed previously. Empirical analyses by Blanchard and Leigh (2013) and others demonstrated that fiscal multipliers were substantially underestimated during this period, suggesting that premature fiscal consolidation significantly hampered recovery efforts. This suboptimal coordination likely contributed to the notably slow post-2008 recovery in many advanced economies, with the US taking approximately six years to close its output gap and the Eurozone requiring nearly a decade. By contrast, the COVID-19 pandemic response demonstrated dramatically improved fiscal-monetary coordination, with mutually reinforcing policies deployed at unprecedented scale and speed. Fiscal authorities implemented direct support measures totaling approximately 10-20% of GDP across advanced economies—including household transfers, business support programs, enhanced unemployment benefits, and health system funding—while central banks simultaneously deployed comprehensive monetary accommodation through interest rate cuts, expanded asset purchases, and targeted lending facilities. The Federal Reserve's balance sheet expanded by approximately $4 trillion in a matter of months, while the US federal government enacted fiscal packages totaling roughly $5 trillion (over 25% of GDP). Similar proportional responses occurred in other advanced economies, though with significant cross-country variation in specific mechanisms and magnitudes. This closely coordinated approach reflected important lessons from the 2008 experience, including recognition of fiscal policy's essential role in addressing severe demand shocks, appreciation for monetary-fiscal complementarity rather than substitutability, and understanding of the social and political consequences of inequitable policy responses. Several specific coordination mechanisms proved particularly effective during the COVID-19 response. First, central bank asset purchases helped maintain favorable financing conditions for expanded government borrowing, preventing bond market dysfunction despite historically large fiscal deficits. Second, fiscal measures effectively targeted sectors and households that monetary policy struggles to reach directly, addressing distributional concerns that plagued post-2008 monetary-centric approaches. Third, explicit policy synchronization through consistent communication from fiscal and monetary authorities reduced uncertainty and amplified confidence effects beyond what either policy could achieve independently. The institutional arrangements facilitating this coordination varied across jurisdictions. In the United States, the Federal Reserve and Treasury demonstrated effective informal coordination while maintaining operational independence. The Eurozone response benefited from new institutional mechanisms developed after the sovereign debt crisis, including the Next Generation EU program and the European Central Bank's Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme, which together enabled more coordinated fiscal-monetary action despite continued structural constraints on centralized fiscal capacity. The varying outcomes of these different coordination approaches can be evaluated across several dimensions. The 2008 response, characterized by monetary dominance and fiscal restraint, likely prolonged recovery timeframes, exacerbated inequality through asset price channels, and placed excessive pressure on monetary policy frameworks. The COVID-19 response, featuring robust coordination, appears to have facilitated more rapid economic recovery, more effectively protected vulnerable households and sectors, and more equitably distributed both the costs of the crisis and the benefits of policy support. However, the COVID-19 approach has generated different challenges, including potential inflationary pressures from the combined demand effects of simultaneous monetary and fiscal expansion, as evidenced by recent inflation developments in many advanced economies. The comparison illuminates several broader principles regarding effective monetary-fiscal coordination. First, optimal crisis response requires recognizing the complementary strengths of each policy domain—monetary policy's speed and market stabilization capacity combined with fiscal policy's targeting precision and distributional control. Second, institutional frameworks must balance the benefits of policy independence with mechanisms for coordination during exceptional circumstances. Third, the political economy constraints on fiscal policy remain a significant challenge to sustained coordination, as demonstrated by premature fiscal consolidation after 2008. Looking forward, several implications emerge for future crisis management. Institutional mechanisms facilitating appropriate monetary-fiscal coordination while preserving operational independence should be strengthened. The distributional consequences of different policy mixes must be explicitly incorporated into crisis response design rather than treated as secondary considerations. Finally, the international dimensions of policy coordination require greater attention, as both crises demonstrated significant spillover effects from national policy decisions that affected global financial conditions and recovery trajectories.", "The relationship between fiscal and monetary policy coordination represents a critical determinant of macroeconomic crisis response effectiveness..."],
    hints: "Evaluate fiscal and monetary policy coordination in addressing economic crises, comparing responses to the 2008 financial crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic, analyzing their effectiveness, institutional frameworks, and theoretical implications.",
    expectedKeywords: ["fiscal policy", "monetary policy", "coordination", "financial crisis", "COVID-19 pandemic", "stimulus", "austerity", "quantitative easing", "institutional frameworks", "policy effectiveness", "central bank independence", "multiplier effects", "distributional impact", "automatic stabilizers", "policy transmission"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["fiscal-monetary coordination", "policy divergence", "monetary dominance", "fiscal consolidation", "complementary policy tools", "institutional arrangements", "policy transmission mechanisms", "counter-cyclical measures", "economic stabilization", "recovery trajectory", "policy magnitude", "distributional consequences", "political economy constraints"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your comparative analysis of fiscal-monetary coordination across these two major crises is exceptionally insightful. You've demonstrated sophisticated understanding of both the technical mechanisms and institutional factors shaping policy effectiveness. Let's now turn to a pressing contemporary economic policy challenge. How would you analyze the economic implications of climate change mitigation policies, particularly evaluating the comparative efficiency, distributional impacts, and political economy challenges of carbon pricing mechanisms versus regulatory approaches?",
      partial: "You've made some good points about fiscal and monetary policy coordination. Could you develop your comparison further by more explicitly analyzing how coordination differed between the 2008 financial crisis and the COVID-19 pandemic responses, and evaluating the effectiveness of these different approaches?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the relationship between fiscal and monetary policy coordination in addressing major economic crises, specifically comparing the approaches taken during the 2008 financial crisis with those implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic."
    }
  }, {
    id: 3,
    botMessage: "Your comparative analysis of fiscal-monetary coordination across these two major crises is exceptionally insightful. You've demonstrated sophisticated understanding of both the technical mechanisms and institutional factors shaping policy effectiveness. Let's now turn to a pressing contemporary economic policy challenge. How would you analyze the economic implications of climate change mitigation policies, particularly evaluating the comparative efficiency, distributional impacts, and political economy challenges of carbon pricing mechanisms versus regulatory approaches?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Climate change mitigation represents one of the most consequential economic policy challenges of our era, requiring a fundamental transformation of energy systems and production processes with far-reaching implications for economic efficiency, distribution, and political economy dynamics. The comparative analysis of carbon pricing mechanisms (including carbon taxes and cap-and-trade systems) versus regulatory approaches (including performance standards, technology mandates, and subsidy programs) reveals important tradeoffs across multiple dimensions of policy design and implementation. From an economic efficiency perspective, carbon pricing mechanisms offer significant theoretical advantages that have been emphasized by economists across the ideological spectrum. By establishing a direct price on carbon emissions, these instruments internalize the negative externality of greenhouse gas pollution, allowing decentralized market processes to identify and implement the lowest-cost abatement opportunities throughout the economy. This approach minimizes the total economic cost of achieving any given emissions reduction target by equating marginal abatement costs across sectors and firms—an efficiency property that regulatory approaches typically cannot achieve due to information constraints faced by policymakers. Carbon pricing also provides dynamic efficiency through continuous incentives for innovation and investment in cleaner technologies without requiring regulators to predict technological developments or pick winners among competing solutions. Empirical evidence from implemented carbon pricing systems, such as the European Union Emissions Trading System (EU ETS), British Columbia's carbon tax, and regional programs in the United States, generally confirms these efficiency properties, though with important caveats regarding policy design features, coverage limitations, and interaction effects with complementary policies. Regulatory approaches, while theoretically less cost-efficient across the whole economy, may offer superior efficiency in specific contexts characterized by market failures beyond the carbon externality itself. For instance, principal-agent problems in building energy efficiency, information asymmetries in consumer markets, and innovation spillovers in emerging technologies may be more effectively addressed through targeted regulations, standards, or subsidies. The empirical literature evaluating energy efficiency standards, renewable portfolio mandates, and similar regulatory measures indicates considerable variation in their cost-effectiveness, with some achieving emissions reductions at reasonable costs while others impose significantly higher costs per ton of carbon abated than prevailing estimates of the social cost of carbon. The distributional impacts of these policy approaches differ substantially and merit careful consideration. Carbon pricing mechanisms generally create more visible and concentrated price effects, with direct impacts on energy costs that vary across household income levels, geographical regions, and consumption patterns. Without complementary measures, carbon pricing tends to be regressive, as lower-income households typically spend a higher proportion of their income on energy-intensive goods and services. However, the revenue generated by carbon taxes or allowance auctions creates opportunities for progressive redistribution that can more than offset these regressive impacts, as demonstrated by British Columbia's carbon tax and dividend model and similar proposals elsewhere. The distributional incidence also extends to geographical dimensions, with fossil fuel-producing regions and carbon-intensive industrial centers bearing higher transition costs that may require targeted adjustment assistance. Regulatory approaches often generate less visible distributional impacts that are consequently less salient politically, though not necessarily more progressive. Performance standards and technology mandates typically embed compliance costs in consumer prices without generating comparable public revenue for redistribution. These approaches may advantage certain industrial sectors, technologies, or firms over others based on regulatory design choices, creating concentrated benefits for specific constituencies while dispersing costs more broadly across the economy. The political economy challenges of these policy approaches reveal perhaps the most striking differences. Carbon pricing faces significant political obstacles despite its theoretical efficiency advantages, as it makes the costs of climate policy highly visible and transparent to voters. This visibility creates opportunities for opposition mobilization, as demonstrated by political backlash against carbon tax proposals in multiple jurisdictions, including Washington state, Australia, and France (where the gilets jaunes protests were partly triggered by fuel tax increases). Cap-and-trade systems attempt to mitigate these political challenges through more indirect price mechanisms and allocation designs that can accommodate sectoral interests, but they still face considerable resistance when prices become politically salient. In contrast, regulatory approaches often enjoy greater political feasibility due to lower visibility of costs, opportunity for concentrated benefits to politically influential constituencies (such as renewable energy producers), and alignment with existing governance models. However, this greater political feasibility comes with important governance challenges, including vulnerability to regulatory capture, coordination difficulties across multiple regulatory domains, and potential for incremental rather than transformative approaches. A comprehensive analysis must also consider the interaction between these policy approaches rather than treating them as mutually exclusive alternatives. Empirical evidence from jurisdictions that have made substantial progress in decarbonization, such as the United Kingdom, California, and some Nordic countries, suggests that effective climate policy regimes typically combine pricing mechanisms with complementary regulatory measures. This hybrid approach can address multiple market failures simultaneously, mitigate distributional concerns, enhance political durability, and provide policy redundancy that increases the robustness of emissions reduction efforts. The optimal policy mix likely varies across different economic, institutional, and political contexts. For advanced economies with strong governance capacity and relatively high income levels, carbon pricing may form the foundation of an efficient mitigation strategy, complemented by targeted regulations addressing specific market failures. For developing economies with larger informal sectors, limited administrative capacity, and more pressing distributional concerns, regulatory approaches and targeted subsidies for clean technology adoption may initially prove more effective and politically feasible, potentially transitioning toward pricing mechanisms as institutional capacity develops. In conclusion, while carbon pricing mechanisms offer compelling efficiency advantages in theory and demonstrate effectiveness when well-designed in practice, their political economy challenges and potential distributional impacts suggest that comprehensive climate policy frameworks will require thoughtful integration of pricing and regulatory approaches. The economic analysis of climate policy must extend beyond narrow efficiency considerations to incorporate distributional justice, political sustainability, and institutional capacity—recognizing that even economically 'second-best' policy designs may prove superior in practice if they can secure broader political support and more durable implementation. This comparative analysis reinforces the importance of context-specific policy design that responds not only to economic principles but also to the complex social and political realities that ultimately determine policy effectiveness in addressing the climate challenge.", "Climate change mitigation policies present one of the most complex economic policy challenges of our era, requiring transformation of energy systems, industrial processes, and consumption patterns with profound implications for economic efficiency, distributional equity, and political feasibility. A comparative analysis of carbon pricing mechanisms versus regulatory approaches reveals multifaceted tradeoffs that vary across economic, institutional, and political contexts. From an efficiency perspective, carbon pricing mechanisms—including carbon taxes and cap-and-trade systems—offer distinct theoretical advantages widely recognized in economic theory. By establishing a uniform price on carbon emissions throughout the economy, these instruments internalize the negative externality of greenhouse gas pollution and enable decentralized market processes to identify and implement the lowest-cost abatement opportunities. This market-based approach theoretically minimizes the total economic cost of achieving emissions targets by equalizing marginal abatement costs across all emission sources—a crucial efficiency property that command-and-control regulatory approaches typically cannot replicate. Carbon pricing also provides dynamic efficiency through ongoing incentives for innovation in cleaner technologies without requiring regulators to predict technological developments or select specific solutions. Empirical evidence from major carbon pricing implementations—including the European Union Emissions Trading System, British Columbia's carbon tax, and various regional programs—broadly confirms these efficiency properties, though with important qualifications regarding policy design features, coverage limitations, and price volatility issues in some cap-and-trade systems. Several empirical studies, including Metcalf's (2019) analysis of British Columbia's carbon tax and Martin et al.'s (2014) examination of the UK Carbon Price Support mechanism, demonstrate significant emissions reductions achieved at relatively modest economic costs. Regulatory approaches—including performance standards, technology mandates, renewable portfolio standards, and targeted subsidies—are theoretically less cost-efficient across the whole economy but may offer superior efficiency in specific contexts characterized by multiple market failures beyond the carbon externality itself. These additional market failures include principal-agent problems in building energy efficiency, adoption externalities for emerging technologies, innovation spillovers that cannot be fully captured by private firms, and informational barriers affecting consumer choices. The empirical evidence on regulatory approaches indicates substantial variation in cost-effectiveness depending on policy design, with some achieving emissions reductions at reasonable costs while others impose significantly higher costs per ton of carbon abated compared to prevailing estimates of the social cost of carbon. For instance, Gillingham and Stock (2018) found abatement costs ranging from $50/tCO2 for some renewable portfolio standards to over $700/tCO2 for certain biofuel mandates. The distributional impacts of these policy approaches differ substantially in ways that significantly affect their political sustainability. Carbon pricing mechanisms typically create more visible and concentrated price effects, with direct impacts on energy costs that vary across household income levels, geographical regions, and consumption patterns. Without compensatory measures, carbon pricing tends to be regressive since lower-income households generally spend a higher proportion of their income on energy-intensive necessities. However, the revenue generated by carbon taxes or allowance auctions creates opportunities for progressive redistribution that can more than offset these regressive impacts—as demonstrated by British Columbia's carbon tax and dividend model and similar proposals elsewhere. The distributional incidence also encompasses important geographical dimensions, with fossil fuel-producing regions and carbon-intensive industrial centers facing more concentrated transition costs that may necessitate targeted adjustment assistance. Regulatory approaches typically generate less visible and immediate distributional impacts, though not necessarily more progressive outcomes in the long run. Performance standards and technology mandates embed compliance costs in consumer prices without generating comparable public revenue for redistribution. These approaches may advantage certain industrial sectors, technologies, or firms over others based on regulatory design choices, creating concentrated benefits for specific constituencies while dispersing costs more broadly throughout the economy. This can create path dependencies that influence future policy development through interest group politics and institutional entrenchment. The political economy challenges of these policy approaches reveal perhaps the most significant practical differences. Carbon pricing faces substantial political obstacles despite its efficiency advantages, as it renders the costs of climate policy highly visible and salient to voters. This visibility creates opportunities for opposition mobilization, as demonstrated by political backlash against carbon tax proposals in multiple jurisdictions, including the defeat of Washington state's carbon tax initiatives, Australia's carbon tax repeal, and France's gilets jaunes protests. Cap-and-trade systems attempt to mitigate these political challenges through more indirect price mechanisms and allocation designs that accommodate sectoral interests, but they still encounter resistance when prices become politically visible. In contrast, regulatory approaches often demonstrate greater political feasibility due to lower visibility of costs, opportunities for concentrated benefits to politically influential constituencies (such as renewable energy producers and clean technology manufacturers), and alignment with existing governance models and administrative processes. However, this greater political feasibility comes with important governance challenges, including vulnerability to regulatory capture, coordination difficulties across multiple regulatory domains, and potential for incremental rather than transformative approaches to emissions reduction. A comprehensive analysis must also consider the interaction between these policy approaches rather than treating them as mutually exclusive alternatives. Empirical evidence from jurisdictions that have made substantial progress in decarbonization, such as the United Kingdom, California, and the Nordic countries, indicates that effective climate policy regimes typically combine pricing mechanisms with complementary regulatory measures. This hybrid approach addresses multiple market failures simultaneously, mitigates distributional concerns, enhances political durability, and provides policy redundancy that increases the robustness of emissions reduction efforts. The optimal policy mix likely varies substantially across different economic, institutional, and political contexts. For advanced economies with strong governance capacity and relatively high income levels, carbon pricing may form the foundation of an efficient mitigation strategy, complemented by targeted regulations addressing specific market failures. For developing economies with larger informal sectors, limited administrative capacity, and more pressing distributional concerns, regulatory approaches and targeted subsidies for clean technology adoption may initially prove more effective and politically sustainable. In conclusion, while carbon pricing mechanisms offer compelling efficiency advantages in theory and demonstrate effectiveness when well-designed in practice, their political economy challenges and potential distributional impacts suggest that comprehensive climate policy frameworks will require thoughtful integration of pricing and regulatory approaches. The economic analysis of climate policy must extend beyond narrow efficiency considerations to incorporate distributional justice, political sustainability, and institutional capacity—recognizing that even economically 'second-best' policy designs may prove superior in practice if they can secure broader political support and more durable implementation.", "Climate change mitigation represents one of the most consequential policy challenges for contemporary economics, requiring transformation of energy systems and production processes with profound implications across efficiency, distributional, and political economy dimensions. The comparative analysis of carbon pricing mechanisms versus regulatory approaches reveals complex tradeoffs that policymakers must navigate in designing effective, equitable, and politically sustainable climate policies. From an economic efficiency perspective, carbon pricing mechanisms—whether through carbon taxes or cap-and-trade systems—offer distinct theoretical advantages widely recognized in the economics literature. By establishing a uniform price on greenhouse gas emissions, these instruments internalize the negative externality of climate pollution, allowing decentralized market processes to identify and implement the lowest-cost abatement opportunities throughout the economy. This approach theoretically minimizes the total social cost of achieving any given emissions reduction target by equalizing marginal abatement costs across sectors and firms—a key efficiency property that regulatory approaches generally cannot achieve due to information constraints facing policymakers. Carbon pricing provides both static efficiency through least-cost compliance pathways and dynamic efficiency through continuous incentives for innovation in cleaner technologies, without requiring regulators to predict technological developments or select winners among competing solutions. Empirical evidence from major carbon pricing implementations, including the European Union Emissions Trading System, British Columbia's carbon tax, and regional programs such as California's cap-and-trade system, broadly confirms these efficiency properties. However, important qualifications emerge regarding policy design features, including price levels, coverage scope, compliance mechanisms, and interaction effects with complementary policies. Research by Metcalf (2019) and Murray and Rivers (2015) estimated that British Columbia's carbon tax reduced emissions by 5-15% relative to counterfactual scenarios, while maintaining strong economic performance. Similarly, studies of the EU ETS's later phases show emissions reductions of 10-25% in covered sectors relative to business-as-usual projections, though with ongoing debates about attribution given concurrent policies and economic factors. Regulatory approaches—including performance standards, technology mandates, building codes, and renewable portfolio standards—are theoretically less cost-efficient across the whole economy but may offer superior efficiency in specific contexts characterized by market failures beyond the carbon externality. These additional market failures include principal-agent problems in building energy efficiency, network externalities in transportation infrastructure, knowledge spillovers in research and development, incomplete information in consumer markets, and adoption externalities for emerging technologies. The empirical evidence on regulatory measures indicates considerable variation in cost-effectiveness, with some approaches achieving emissions reductions at relatively modest costs while others impose significantly higher costs per ton of carbon abated compared to prevailing estimates of the social cost of carbon. For instance, Gillingham and Stock (2018) found abatement costs ranging from under $50 per ton CO2 for some building codes and renewable standards to over $400 per ton for certain vehicle fuel economy standards and biofuel mandates. The distributional impacts of these policy approaches differ substantively and merit careful analysis. Carbon pricing mechanisms typically create more visible and immediate price effects, with direct impacts on energy costs that vary across household income levels, geographical regions, and consumption patterns. Without complementary measures, carbon pricing tends to be regressive, as lower-income households generally spend a higher proportion of their income on energy-intensive necessities. However, the revenue generated by carbon taxes or allowance auctions creates opportunities for progressive redistribution that can neutralize or reverse these regressive impacts—as demonstrated by British Columbia's climate action tax credit and similar proposals elsewhere. The distributional incidence also extends to geographical dimensions, with fossil fuel-producing regions and carbon-intensive industrial centers bearing concentrated transition costs that may necessitate targeted adjustment assistance. This spatial dimension of distribution creates particularly challenging political economy dynamics in federalist systems where subnational regions have significant political representation. Regulatory approaches often generate less visible distributional impacts that are consequently less salient politically, though not necessarily more progressive in their ultimate incidence. Performance standards and technology mandates typically embed compliance costs in consumer prices without generating comparable public revenue for redistribution. These approaches may advantage certain industrial sectors, technologies, or firms over others based on regulatory design choices, creating concentrated benefits for specific constituencies while dispersing costs more broadly across the economy. This pattern of concentrated benefits and diffuse costs shapes interest group politics around regulatory approaches in ways that can both facilitate implementation and complicate subsequent policy adjustments. The political economy challenges of these policy approaches reveal perhaps the most significant practical differences. Carbon pricing faces substantial political obstacles despite its efficiency advantages, as it makes the costs of climate policy highly visible and transparent to voters. This visibility creates opportunities for opposition mobilization, as demonstrated by political backlash against carbon tax proposals in multiple jurisdictions, including Washington state's defeated ballot initiatives, Australia's repealed carbon tax, and France's gilets jaunes protests (triggered partly by fuel tax increases). Cap-and-trade systems attempt to mitigate these political challenges through more indirect price mechanisms and allocation designs that accommodate sectoral interests, but they still face resistance when prices become politically salient. In contrast, regulatory approaches often enjoy greater political feasibility due to lower visibility of costs, opportunity for concentrated benefits to politically influential constituencies (such as renewable energy producers), and alignment with existing governance models and regulatory institutions. However, this greater political feasibility comes with important governance challenges, including vulnerability to regulatory capture, coordination difficulties across multiple regulatory domains, and potential for incremental rather than transformative approaches to emissions reduction. A comprehensive analysis must recognize that the optimal approach likely involves complementary combinations of pricing and regulatory instruments rather than exclusive reliance on either. Empirical evidence from jurisdictions that have made substantial progress in decarbonization, such as the United Kingdom, California, and the Nordic countries, suggests that effective climate policy regimes typically combine pricing mechanisms with complementary regulatory measures. This hybrid approach can address multiple market failures simultaneously, mitigate distributional concerns, enhance political durability, and provide policy redundancy that increases the robustness of emissions reduction efforts. In conclusion, while carbon pricing mechanisms offer compelling efficiency advantages in theory and demonstrate effectiveness when well-designed in practice, their political economy challenges and potential distributional impacts suggest that comprehensive climate policy frameworks will require thoughtful integration of pricing and regulatory approaches. The economic analysis of climate policy must extend beyond narrow efficiency considerations to incorporate distributional justice, political sustainability, and institutional capacity—recognizing that even economically 'second-best' policy designs may prove superior in practice if they can secure broader political support and more durable implementation."],
    hints: "Analyze the economic implications of climate change mitigation policies, comparing carbon pricing versus regulatory approaches in terms of efficiency, distributional impacts, and political economy challenges.",
    expectedKeywords: ["carbon pricing", "regulatory approaches", "economic efficiency", "distributional impacts", "political economy", "externality", "market failure", "marginal abatement cost", "regressivity", "revenue redistribution", "cost-effectiveness", "policy design", "political feasibility", "institutional capacity", "hybrid approach"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your analysis of climate mitigation policy approaches demonstrates sophisticated understanding of the economic mechanisms, distributional implications, and political economy challenges involved. Let's now explore a different dimension of contemporary economic policy. How would you evaluate the economic effects of rising market concentration and corporate power across major economies, analyzing causes, consequences for efficiency and distribution, and appropriate policy responses?",
      partial: "You've addressed some important aspects of climate mitigation policies. Could you develop your analysis further by more comprehensively comparing carbon pricing mechanisms and regulatory approaches specifically in terms of their economic efficiency, distributional impacts, and political economy challenges?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the economic implications of climate change mitigation policies, particularly comparing carbon pricing mechanisms with regulatory approaches in terms of their efficiency, distributional impacts, and political economy challenges."
    }
  }, {
    id: 4,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of climate mitigation policy approaches demonstrates sophisticated understanding of the economic mechanisms, distributional implications, and political economy challenges involved. Let's now explore a different dimension of contemporary economic policy. How would you evaluate the economic effects of rising market concentration and corporate power across major economies, analyzing causes, consequences for efficiency and distribution, and appropriate policy responses?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["The increasing market concentration and corporate power observed across major economies over recent decades represents a profound structural transformation with significant implications for economic efficiency, distributional outcomes, and policy frameworks. Evaluating this phenomenon requires analyzing its empirical dimensions, causal mechanisms, economic consequences, and potential policy responses. Empirically, the evidence for rising market concentration is substantial though not uniform across sectors and regions. In the United States, research by Autor et al. (2020) and De Loecker et al. (2020) documents significant increases in industry concentration ratios, with the average share of the top four firms in a given industry rising from approximately 38% to 43% between 1982 and 2012. This concentration has been particularly pronounced in digital markets, where platform-based business models with strong network effects have facilitated winner-take-most outcomes. Similar trends, though somewhat less dramatic, have been documented in European economies by Cavalleri et al. (2019) and across OECD countries more broadly. This rising concentration has been accompanied by other indicators of growing corporate power, including increased markups (the gap between prices and marginal costs), rising profit rates among dominant firms, declining labor share of income, and growing productivity dispersion between frontier firms and laggards. Several interconnected causal mechanisms have contributed to these developments. First, technological changes—particularly the rise of digital platforms, increased importance of intangible capital, and adoption of information technologies—have created new economies of scale and scope that favor larger firms. These technologies often exhibit decreasing marginal costs, substantial fixed costs, and network effects that reinforce winner-take-most dynamics. Second, globalization has enabled the most productive firms to scale operations across international markets, leveraging their competitive advantages over larger domains and reinforcing market concentration dynamics. Third, changes in competition policy enforcement since the 1980s—including a shift toward more permissive merger review standards, narrower interpretations of anticompetitive conduct, and decreased scrutiny of vertical integration—have allowed greater consolidation across many industries. Fourth, the increasing importance of regulatory complexity and political influence has advantaged larger corporations with greater resources to navigate regulatory environments and shape policy outcomes to protect their market positions. The economic consequences of these developments are multifaceted and double-edged. From an efficiency perspective, increased concentration presents contradictory effects. On one hand, larger firms may achieve greater economies of scale and scope, potentially enhancing productivity through better resource allocation, greater capacity for R&D investment, and implementation of superior management practices. Some empirical evidence supports this efficiency channel, with studies by Autor et al. (2020) showing that industries experiencing greater concentration have often seen productivity growth, particularly driven by more efficient 'superstar' firms. On the other hand, decreased competitive pressure may reduce incentives for innovation, investment, and dynamic efficiency over time. Recent research by Gutiérrez and Philippon (2017) indicates that industries with increasing concentration have experienced declining investment rates relative to profitability, suggesting that dominant firms may be exercising market power to restrict output and raise prices rather than expand productive capacity. This phenomenon appears particularly pronounced in sectors with high barriers to entry, significant switching costs, or substantial regulatory complexity. The distributional consequences of rising corporate power have been substantially negative. Increased market power has contributed to rising income inequality through multiple channels: shifting distribution from labor to capital as firms capture larger economic rents; increasing wage differentials between workers at dominant firms and those at smaller competitors; and expanding executive compensation tied to stock performance enhanced by market power. Research by Barkai (2020) estimates that the decline in labor share attributable to increased markups represents a substantial transfer from workers to shareholders. These distributional impacts exacerbate broader inequality trends driven by technological change and globalization, with particularly adverse effects on middle-skill workers and regions dependent on industries experiencing consolidation. Consumer welfare impacts are similarly mixed, with efficiency gains potentially reducing prices for some goods and services but market power enabling price increases in less competitive markets. The policy implications of these developments are significant and require nuanced approaches across multiple domains. Competition policy reform represents a foundational response, with potential measures including: more rigorous merger review standards that better account for potential competition, innovation effects, and data-related advantages; updated frameworks for assessing market power in digital platform ecosystems with strong network effects; and reinvigorated enforcement against exclusionary conduct by dominant firms. Several jurisdictions have begun moving in this direction, with the European Commission taking leading action against digital platforms, and U.S. authorities showing renewed interest in more aggressive antitrust enforcement. However, competition policy alone is insufficient to address the broader economic implications of corporate concentration. Labor market policies—including minimum wage increases, collective bargaining protections, and portable benefits systems—can help counterbalance monopsony power in employment and restore bargaining power for workers. Tax policy reforms addressing preferential treatment of capital income, corporate tax avoidance through international profit shifting, and beneficial treatment of intangible assets could help mitigate the distributional consequences of increased market power. Regulatory approaches targeting specific forms of harmful conduct in digital markets, financial services, and other concentrated sectors may complement broader competition policy frameworks. Industrial policy measures fostering greater technological diffusion between frontier firms and laggards could help reduce the productivity dispersion that has accompanied rising concentration. Importantly, policy responses must be calibrated to specific market contexts rather than applying one-size-fits-all approaches, as the causes and consequences of concentration vary substantially across sectors. Digital platform markets characterized by strong network effects may require distinct regulatory frameworks compared to manufacturing sectors where international competition remains robust. Similarly, concentration dynamics in local service markets may demand different interventions than national or global industries. Looking forward, addressing rising corporate power will require institutional innovation across multiple policy domains, with particular attention to the interaction between competition policy, regulatory frameworks, and political influence. The growing importance of intangible assets, data resources, and network effects in determining competitive outcomes challenges traditional market analysis frameworks and demands new analytical tools and regulatory approaches. Simultaneously, policy responses must navigate complex tradeoffs between efficiency, innovation, and distributional outcomes without unduly constraining business models that generate genuine consumer benefits. In conclusion, rising market concentration and corporate power represent concerning economic trends with substantial implications for efficiency, distribution, and policy frameworks. Addressing these challenges requires nuanced, context-specific approaches that restore competitive dynamics where market power has become excessive while preserving legitimate economies of scale that enhance productivity and consumer welfare.", "Rising market concentration and corporate power across major economies represent significant structural transformations with profound implications for economic efficiency, distributional outcomes, and policy frameworks. An evaluation of this phenomenon requires systematic analysis of its empirical dimensions, causal mechanisms, economic consequences, and potential policy responses. Empirically, substantial evidence documents increasing concentration across many sectors in advanced economies, particularly in the United States. Research by Autor et al. (2020) and Grullon et al. (2019) identifies significant increases in industry concentration ratios, with the average share of sales captured by the top four firms rising by approximately 4-5 percentage points between the early 1980s and the late 2010s. This concentration has been particularly pronounced in digital markets, retail, finance, and healthcare, though with considerable heterogeneity across specific industries. The trend appears somewhat less dramatic but still present in European economies, as documented by Cavalleri et al. (2019) and Bajgar et al. (2019). This rising concentration has been accompanied by other indicators of growing corporate power, including increased markups (the gap between prices and marginal costs), rising profit rates among dominant firms, declining labor share of income, and growing productivity dispersion between frontier firms and laggards. De Loecker et al. (2020) estimate that economy-wide markups in the U.S. rose from 21% above marginal cost in 1980 to around 61% by 2016, with particularly sharp increases since 2000. Several interconnected causal mechanisms have contributed to these developments. First, technological changes—particularly digitalization, increased importance of intangible capital, and adoption of information technologies—have created new economies of scale and scope that favor larger firms. These technologies often exhibit network effects, increasing returns to scale, and data-driven advantages that facilitate winner-take-most outcomes in many markets. Second, globalization has enabled the most productive firms to scale operations across international markets while simultaneously intensifying competitive pressure on less efficient firms, accelerating market share reallocation toward industry leaders. Third, changes in the interpretation and enforcement of competition policy since the 1980s—including more permissive merger review standards, narrower interpretations of anticompetitive conduct, and decreased scrutiny of vertical integration—have allowed greater consolidation across many industries. Fourth, the increasing importance of regulatory complexity and political influence has advantaged larger corporations with greater resources to navigate regulatory environments and shape policy outcomes to protect their market positions. The economic consequences of these developments are multifaceted and double-edged. From an efficiency perspective, increased concentration generates both potential benefits and costs. On the positive side, larger firms may achieve greater economies of scale and scope, enhancing productivity through better resource allocation, greater capacity for R&D investment, and implementation of superior management practices. Some empirical evidence supports this efficiency channel, with studies by Autor et al. (2020) showing that industries experiencing greater concentration have often seen productivity growth driven by more efficient 'superstar' firms. However, decreased competitive pressure may simultaneously reduce incentives for innovation, investment, and dynamic efficiency over time. Research by Gutiérrez and Philippon (2017, 2018) indicates that industries with increasing concentration have experienced declining investment rates relative to profitability and Tobin's Q, suggesting that dominant firms may be exercising market power to restrict output and raise prices rather than expand productive capacity. This phenomenon appears particularly pronounced in sectors with high barriers to entry, significant switching costs, or substantial regulatory complexity. The distributional consequences of rising corporate power have been substantially negative. Increased market power has contributed to rising income inequality through multiple channels: shifting distribution from labor to capital as firms capture larger economic rents; increasing wage differentials between workers at dominant firms and those at smaller competitors; and expanding executive compensation tied to stock performance enhanced by market power. Research by Barkai (2020) and Stansbury and Summers (2020) estimates that the decline in labor share attributable to increased markups represents a substantial transfer from workers to shareholders, while Autor et al. (2020) document increasing wage inequality between firms. These distributional impacts exacerbate broader inequality trends driven by technological change and globalization. Consumer welfare impacts are similarly mixed, with efficiency gains potentially reducing prices for some goods and services but market power enabling price increases in less competitive markets. The policy implications of these developments require nuanced approaches across multiple domains. Competition policy reform represents a foundational response, with potential measures including: more rigorous merger review standards that better account for potential competition, innovation effects, and data-related advantages; updated frameworks for assessing market power in digital platform ecosystems with strong network effects; and reinvigorated enforcement against exclusionary conduct by dominant firms. However, competition policy alone is insufficient to address the broader economic implications of corporate concentration. Labor market policies—including minimum wage increases, collective bargaining protections, and portable benefits systems—can help counterbalance monopsony power in employment markets. Tax policy reforms addressing preferential treatment of capital income, corporate tax avoidance through international profit shifting, and beneficial treatment of intangible assets could help mitigate the distributional consequences of increased market power. Regulatory approaches targeting specific forms of harmful conduct in digital markets, financial services, and other concentrated sectors may complement broader competition policy frameworks. Industrial policy measures fostering greater technological diffusion between frontier firms and laggards could help reduce the productivity dispersion that has accompanied rising concentration. Importantly, policy responses must be calibrated to specific market contexts rather than applying one-size-fits-all approaches, as the causes and consequences of concentration vary substantially across sectors. Digital platform markets characterized by strong network effects may require distinct regulatory frameworks compared to manufacturing sectors where international competition remains robust. Similarly, concentration dynamics in local service markets may demand different interventions than national or global industries. Looking forward, addressing rising corporate power requires institutional innovation across multiple policy domains, with particular attention to the interaction between competition policy, regulatory frameworks, and political influence. The growing importance of intangible assets, data resources, and network effects in determining competitive outcomes challenges traditional market analysis frameworks and demands new analytical tools and regulatory approaches.", "Rising market concentration and corporate power across major economies represent significant structural transformations with profound implications..."],
    hints: "Evaluate the economic effects of rising market concentration and corporate power, analyzing causes, consequences for efficiency and distribution, and appropriate policy responses.",
    expectedKeywords: ["market concentration", "corporate power", "efficiency", "distribution", "antitrust", "competition policy", "monopoly power", "monopsony", "markups", "productivity", "innovation", "inequality", "labor share", "regulatory capture", "merger enforcement", "digital platforms", "network effects", "barriers to entry", "market structure"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["market concentration", "corporate power", "efficiency-equity tradeoffs", "competition policy", "monopoly power", "markups", "labor share", "productivity dispersion", "regulatory capture", "digital platforms", "network effects", "merger enforcement", "barriers to entry", "distributional consequences", "policy responses"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your analysis of market concentration and corporate power demonstrates exceptional understanding of the complex economic mechanisms and policy challenges involved. For our final topic, let's turn to an issue that intersects economics with broader social considerations. How would you evaluate the economic case for a universal basic income, analyzing its potential impact on labor markets, poverty reduction, fiscal sustainability, and macroeconomic stability compared to alternative social protection approaches?",
      partial: "You've addressed some important aspects of market concentration and corporate power. Could you develop your analysis further by more comprehensively evaluating the causes of rising concentration, its consequences for both economic efficiency and income distribution, and the appropriate policy responses?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the economic effects of rising market concentration and corporate power across major economies, specifically analyzing causes, consequences for efficiency and distribution, and appropriate policy responses."
    }
  }, {
    id: 5,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of market concentration and corporate power demonstrates exceptional understanding of the complex economic mechanisms and policy challenges involved. For our final topic, let's turn to an issue that intersects economics with broader social considerations. How would you evaluate the economic case for a universal basic income, analyzing its potential impact on labor markets, poverty reduction, fiscal sustainability, and macroeconomic stability compared to alternative social protection approaches?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Universal basic income (UBI) represents one of the most intriguing yet controversial proposals in contemporary economic policy discourse, promising a fundamental reimagining of social protection systems with potentially far-reaching implications for labor markets, poverty reduction, fiscal frameworks, and macroeconomic stability. Evaluating the economic case for UBI requires systematic analysis of its theoretical foundations, empirical evidence from limited implementations, and comparative assessment relative to alternative approaches. Conceptually, UBI involves regular cash payments distributed universally to all citizens or residents regardless of work status, income level, or wealth position—a design that differentiates it from targeted social assistance programs, means-tested benefits, and conditional transfer schemes. This unconditional universality generates UBI's most distinctive economic properties but also creates its most significant implementation challenges. Regarding labor market impacts, UBI generates countervailing effects that make theoretical predictions ambiguous. The income effect from unconditional transfers could potentially reduce labor supply by enabling recipients to maintain consumption with less market work—an outcome critics highlight as undermining work incentives and economic production. However, unlike means-tested benefits that create high marginal effective tax rates when benefits phase out with increasing income, UBI avoids creating poverty traps or unemployment traps that can discourage work among benefit recipients. This substitution effect could actually increase labor supply relative to targeted programs by ensuring that additional work always increases total income. Furthermore, UBI might enhance labor market functioning by providing workers with greater bargaining power, facilitating skill development and job transitions, enabling entrepreneurial risk-taking, and supporting unpaid care work and other socially valuable non-market activities that remain unrecognized in traditional labor market metrics. The empirical evidence on labor market effects from UBI-like programs remains limited and context-dependent. Finland's basic income experiment (2017-2018) found no significant negative employment effects among recipients compared to the control group, while modestly improving self-reported well-being and financial security. The Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend, which distributes modest annual payments to all state residents, has shown minimal impact on overall employment levels (though some evidence suggests increased part-time work). Studies of casino dividend payments to Native American tribe members indicate more substantial reductions in labor supply, but with countervailing benefits in education investment and health outcomes. These mixed findings underscore the importance of specific design features, implementation context, and interaction with existing social protection systems in determining labor market outcomes. As a poverty reduction mechanism, UBI offers several theoretical advantages over targeted approaches. By providing a universal floor, it ensures complete coverage of vulnerable populations without the exclusion errors that plague means-tested programs due to information constraints, administrative complexity, stigma effects, and take-up barriers. The unconditional nature of payments reduces administrative costs, eliminates invasive eligibility verification procedures, and provides recipients with maximum flexibility to address their specific needs. These features could make UBI particularly effective in reaching individuals in complex or precarious circumstances who often fall through gaps in categorical programs. However, the universality of UBI creates significant fiscal challenges that often necessitate difficult tradeoffs between payment adequacy and fiscal sustainability. Given budgetary constraints, providing meaningful payment levels to the entire population generally requires either substantially increased taxation or reallocation of resources from existing social programs—potentially reducing support for the most vulnerable if payments are set at relatively modest levels. Alternative targeted approaches, while less comprehensive, can achieve greater poverty reduction per dollar spent by concentrating resources on those with greatest need. Recent microsimulation studies by the OECD (2017) demonstrate this tradeoff, finding that revenue-neutral UBI reforms that replace existing benefits would reduce poverty among some groups while increasing it among others, particularly those who currently receive above-average support through targeted programs. The fiscal implications of UBI represent its most challenging aspect and depend critically on specific design features, including payment levels, financing mechanisms, and interaction with existing tax and transfer systems. Full UBI programs providing payment levels sufficient to meet basic needs would require substantial increases in tax revenue—typically estimated at 10-30% of GDP depending on country context and existing social spending. More modest partial UBI proposals, while less transformative, present more manageable fiscal requirements, particularly when implemented through gradual transitions that maintain key elements of existing social protection frameworks while addressing their most significant gaps and distortions. Potential financing approaches include progressive income and wealth taxation, carbon or resource taxes with redistributive components, reduction of tax expenditures benefiting higher-income groups, technological dividends captured through intellectual property reform, or reconfiguration of existing social spending. The macroeconomic stabilization potential of UBI represents one of its most compelling but underexplored features. As an automatic fiscal stabilizer, UBI would inject purchasing power directly into the economy during downturns when consumer spending typically contracts, potentially dampening recession severity through maintained aggregate demand. This countercyclical effect could be particularly valuable in addressing economic shocks like the COVID-19 pandemic that require both rapid response and broad coverage beyond traditional unemployment insurance systems. The macroeconomic stabilization capacity of UBI compared to targeted alternatives depends on relative coverage breadth, administrative responsiveness, and stimulative effectiveness per dollar spent. Targeted programs reaching those with highest marginal propensity to consume may generate greater short-term stimulus per dollar, but universal approaches provide broader coverage and avoid implementation delays during crisis periods. Comparative assessment of UBI relative to alternative social protection approaches reveals that no single system optimizes all relevant economic dimensions. Traditional social insurance programs typically provide more targeted risk protection for specific life events (unemployment, disability, retirement) but often leave significant coverage gaps for non-standard workers, caregivers, and those with irregular employment histories. Targeted social assistance programs can deliver more poverty reduction per dollar spent but create administrative complexity, coverage gaps, stigma effects, and potential work disincentives through high marginal effective tax rates. Earned income tax credits and wage subsidies provide work incentives and targeted support but exclude those unable to participate in formal labor markets. The optimal approach likely involves complementary systems rather than wholesale replacement of existing frameworks with UBI. A partial UBI could function as a foundation layer ensuring universal minimum coverage, complemented by more targeted programs addressing specific vulnerabilities and social insurance mechanisms for major life risks. This multi-tiered approach would preserve the universal floor that makes UBI attractive while maintaining the risk-pooling advantages of social insurance and the progressive targeting of additional support toward those with greatest need. In conclusion, the economic case for UBI involves complex tradeoffs across multiple dimensions rather than straightforward superiority or inferiority to alternative approaches. Its effectiveness depends critically on specific design features, implementation context, financing mechanisms, and interaction with existing social protection systems. The limited empirical evidence available suggests that well-designed UBI programs could potentially enhance economic security without substantial negative labor market effects, though fiscal constraints make most comprehensive UBI proposals challenging to implement without significant restructuring of tax systems and existing social expenditures. Rather than viewing UBI as a panacea or fundamentally flawed concept, economic analysis suggests considering it as one potential component within broader social protection frameworks that balance universality, adequacy, incentive preservation, and fiscal sustainability to address the complex challenges of contemporary economies.", "Universal basic income (UBI) represents one of the most discussed yet controversial proposals in contemporary economic policy, offering a fundamentally different approach to social protection with far-reaching implications for labor markets, poverty reduction, fiscal systems, and macroeconomic stability. Evaluating its economic case requires analyzing theoretical mechanisms, limited empirical evidence, and comparative assessment against alternative approaches across multiple dimensions. Conceptually, UBI involves regular cash payments distributed universally to all citizens or residents regardless of work status, income, or wealth—a fundamental design difference from targeted or conditional programs that creates its most distinctive economic properties and implementation challenges. Regarding labor market impacts, UBI generates theoretically ambiguous effects through several countervailing mechanisms. The income effect from unconditional transfers could potentially reduce labor supply by allowing recipients to maintain consumption with less market work—an outcome critics emphasize as undermining work incentives and economic output. However, unlike means-tested benefits that create high marginal effective tax rates when benefits are withdrawn as earnings increase, UBI avoids creating poverty traps or unemployment traps that can significantly discourage work among benefit recipients. This substitution effect could potentially increase labor supply relative to targeted programs by ensuring that additional work always increases total income. Furthermore, UBI might enhance labor market functioning through several additional channels: providing workers with greater bargaining power that could improve working conditions and wage levels, particularly in low-wage sectors; facilitating skill development and job transitions in economies experiencing structural transformation; enabling entrepreneurial risk-taking that conventional means-tested benefits often discourage; and supporting socially valuable non-market activities including caregiving, education, community engagement, and creative pursuits that remain unrecognized in traditional labor market metrics. The empirical evidence on labor market effects from existing UBI-like programs and experiments remains limited and highly context-dependent. Finland's basic income experiment (2017-2018) found no significant negative employment effects among recipients compared to the control group, while improving self-reported well-being and financial security. The Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend, which distributes modest annual payments to all state residents (typically $1,000-2,000 per person), has shown minimal impact on overall employment levels, though some evidence suggests small increases in part-time work. Studies of casino dividend payments to Native American tribe members indicate more substantial reductions in labor supply, particularly among younger recipients, but with countervailing benefits in education investment, entrepreneurship, and health outcomes. The Mincome experiment in Manitoba, Canada during the 1970s found modest reductions in work hours primarily among secondary earners, with those resources redirected toward education and family care. These mixed findings underscore the importance of specific design features (payment levels, withdrawal rates), implementation context (labor market conditions, existing social programs), and measurement approaches (considering broader definitions of productive activity beyond formal employment) in determining labor market outcomes. As a poverty reduction mechanism, UBI offers several theoretical advantages over targeted approaches. By providing a universal floor, it ensures complete coverage of vulnerable populations without the exclusion errors that plague means-tested programs due to information constraints, administrative complexity, stigma effects, and take-up barriers. The unconditional nature of payments reduces administrative costs, eliminates intrusive eligibility verification procedures, and provides recipients with maximum flexibility to address their specific needs. These features could make UBI particularly effective in reaching individuals in complex or precarious circumstances who often fall through gaps in categorical programs, including non-standard workers, those with volatile incomes, the homeless, and those with limited administrative capacity to navigate complex benefit systems. However, the universality of UBI creates significant fiscal challenges that often necessitate difficult tradeoffs between payment adequacy and fiscal sustainability. Given budgetary constraints, providing meaningful payment levels to the entire population generally requires either substantially increased taxation or reallocation of resources from existing social programs—potentially reducing support for the most vulnerable if payments are set at relatively modest levels. Alternative targeted approaches, while less comprehensive, can achieve greater poverty reduction per dollar spent by concentrating resources on those with greatest need. Recent microsimulation studies by the OECD (2017) and various research institutes demonstrate this tradeoff, finding that revenue-neutral UBI reforms that replace existing benefits would reduce poverty among some groups while increasing it among others, particularly those who currently receive above-average support through targeted programs. The fiscal implications of UBI represent its most challenging aspect and depend critically on specific design features, including payment levels, financing mechanisms, and interaction with existing tax and transfer systems. Full UBI programs providing payment levels sufficient to meet basic needs would require substantial increases in tax revenue—typically estimated at 10-30% of GDP depending on country context and existing social spending. More modest partial UBI proposals, while less transformative, present more manageable fiscal requirements, particularly when implemented through gradual transitions that maintain key elements of existing social protection frameworks while addressing their most significant gaps and distortions. Potential financing approaches include progressive income and wealth taxation, carbon or resource taxes with redistributive components, reduction of tax expenditures benefiting higher-income groups, technological dividends captured through intellectual property reform, sovereign wealth funds generating investment returns, or reconfiguration of existing social spending. The macroeconomic stabilization potential of UBI represents one of its most compelling but underexplored features. As an automatic fiscal stabilizer, UBI would inject purchasing power directly into the economy during downturns when consumer spending typically contracts, potentially dampening recession severity through maintained aggregate demand. This countercyclical effect could be particularly valuable in addressing economic shocks like the COVID-19 pandemic that require both rapid response and broad coverage beyond traditional unemployment insurance systems. The pandemic response, which included direct payments to households in many countries, demonstrated both the feasibility and potential effectiveness of broad-based cash transfers as stabilization tools, though these were temporary rather than permanent UBI programs. The macroeconomic stabilization capacity of UBI compared to targeted alternatives depends on relative coverage breadth, administrative responsiveness, and stimulative effectiveness per dollar spent. Targeted programs reaching those with highest marginal propensity to consume may generate greater short-term stimulus per dollar, but universal approaches provide broader coverage and avoid implementation delays during crisis periods. Comparative assessment of UBI relative to alternative social protection approaches reveals that no single system optimizes all relevant economic dimensions. Traditional social insurance programs typically provide more targeted risk protection for specific life events (unemployment, disability, retirement) but often leave significant coverage gaps for non-standard workers, caregivers, and those with irregular employment histories. Targeted social assistance programs can deliver more poverty reduction per dollar spent but create administrative complexity, coverage gaps, stigma effects, and potential work disincentives through high marginal effective tax rates. Earned income tax credits and wage subsidies provide work incentives and targeted support but exclude those unable to participate in formal labor markets. The optimal approach likely involves complementary systems rather than wholesale replacement of existing frameworks with UBI. A partial UBI could function as a foundation layer ensuring universal minimum coverage, complemented by more targeted programs addressing specific vulnerabilities and social insurance mechanisms for major life risks. This multi-tiered approach would preserve the universal floor that makes UBI attractive while maintaining the risk-pooling advantages of social insurance and the progressive targeting of additional support toward those with greatest need.", "Universal basic income (UBI) represents a transformative proposal in economic policy discourse, offering a fundamentally different approach to social protection with significant implications for labor markets, poverty reduction, fiscal sustainability, and macroeconomic stability. Evaluating the economic case for UBI requires analyzing theoretical mechanisms, limited empirical evidence, and comparative assessment against alternative approaches across multiple dimensions. Conceptually, UBI provides regular cash payments to all citizens or residents without work requirements or means testing—creating distinctive economic properties that differentiate it from targeted social assistance programs, conditional cash transfers, or social insurance mechanisms. This universal, unconditional design generates both UBI's most compelling advantages and its most significant implementation challenges. Regarding labor market impacts, UBI creates theoretically ambiguous effects through several countervailing mechanisms. The income effect from unconditional transfers could potentially reduce labor supply by enabling recipients to maintain consumption with less market work—a concern emphasized by critics as potentially undermining work incentives and economic output. However, unlike means-tested benefits that create high marginal effective tax rates when benefits are withdrawn as earnings increase (often exceeding 80% in some existing welfare systems), UBI eliminates these poverty traps by ensuring that additional work always increases total income. This substitution effect could potentially increase labor supply among current benefit recipients compared to highly means-tested systems. The net impact depends on which effect dominates across different population segments and labor market contexts. Furthermore, UBI might enhance labor market functioning through additional mechanisms beyond conventional labor supply measures. By providing basic economic security independent of employment status, UBI could increase worker bargaining power, particularly in low-wage labor markets characterized by monopsony dynamics where employers exercise wage-setting power. This could potentially improve working conditions and wage levels while reducing the economic desperation that sometimes leads workers to accept exploitative employment arrangements. UBI could also facilitate skill development, education investment, and job transitions in economies experiencing structural transformation due to technological change or environmental priorities—enabling workers to retrain or relocate without facing immediate economic insecurity. Additionally, UBI would support socially valuable non-market activities including caregiving, community engagement, and creative pursuits that remain unrecognized in traditional labor market metrics but contribute significantly to social welfare and long-term economic development. The empirical evidence on labor market effects from existing UBI-like programs and experiments remains limited and highly context-dependent. Finland's basic income experiment (2017-2018) found no significant negative employment effects among recipients compared to the control group, while improving self-reported well-being, financial security, and trust in institutions. The Alaska Permanent Fund Dividend, which distributes modest annual payments to all state residents, has shown minimal impact on overall employment levels according to research by Jones and Marinescu (2018), though with small increases in part-time work offset by equivalent decreases in full-time employment. Studies of casino dividend payments to Native American tribe members by Akee et al. (2010) indicate more substantial reductions in labor supply, particularly among younger recipients, but with countervailing benefits in education outcomes, entrepreneurship, and long-term economic mobility. The Mincome experiment in Manitoba during the 1970s found modest reductions in work hours primarily among secondary earners and young adults, with those resources redirected toward education and family care. These mixed findings underscore the importance of specific design features, implementation context, and interaction with existing social protection systems in determining labor market outcomes. As a poverty reduction mechanism, UBI offers several theoretical advantages over targeted approaches. By providing a universal floor, it ensures complete coverage of vulnerable populations without the exclusion errors that plague means-tested programs due to information constraints, administrative complexity, stigma effects, and take-up barriers. The unconditional nature of payments reduces administrative costs (typically consuming 1-5% of program budgets compared to 10-30% for means-tested programs), eliminates intrusive eligibility verification procedures, and provides recipients with maximum flexibility to address their specific needs—respecting their autonomy and leveraging their local knowledge about their circumstances. These features could make UBI particularly effective in reaching individuals who often fall through gaps in categorical programs, including non-standard workers, those with volatile incomes, undocumented persons, and those with limited capacity to navigate complex benefit systems. However, the universality of UBI creates significant fiscal challenges that often necessitate difficult tradeoffs between payment adequacy and fiscal sustainability. Given budgetary constraints, providing meaningful payment levels to the entire population generally requires either substantially increased taxation or reallocation of resources from existing social programs—potentially reducing support for the most vulnerable if payments are set at relatively modest levels. Alternative targeted approaches, while less comprehensive, can achieve greater poverty reduction per dollar spent by concentrating resources on those with greatest need. Recent microsimulation studies demonstrate this tradeoff, finding that revenue-neutral UBI reforms that replace existing benefits would reduce poverty among some groups while increasing it among others, particularly those who currently receive above-average support through targeted programs. The fiscal implications of UBI represent its most challenging aspect and depend critically on specific design features. Full UBI programs providing payment levels sufficient to meet basic needs would require substantial increases in tax revenue—typically estimated at 15-30% of GDP depending on country context and existing social spending. More modest partial UBI proposals (sometimes called a \"dividend\" or \"demogrant\"), while less transformative, present more manageable fiscal requirements when implemented as complements to streamlined versions of existing social protection systems. Potential financing approaches include progressive income and wealth taxation, carbon or resource taxes with redistributive components, reduction of tax expenditures benefiting higher-income groups, financial transaction taxes, technological dividends captured through innovation policy reforms, or reconfiguration of existing social spending through elimination of redundant programs and administrative simplification. The macroeconomic stabilization potential of UBI represents one of its most compelling features in the context of increasingly volatile economic conditions. As an automatic fiscal stabilizer, UBI would inject purchasing power directly into the economy during downturns when consumer spending typically contracts, potentially dampening recession severity through maintained aggregate demand. This countercyclical effect could be particularly valuable in addressing economic shocks that require both rapid response and broad coverage beyond traditional unemployment insurance systems. The COVID-19 pandemic response, which included direct payments to households in many countries, demonstrated both the feasibility and potential effectiveness of broad-based cash transfers as stabilization tools, though these were temporary rather than permanent UBI programs. The macroeconomic stabilization capacity of UBI compared to targeted alternatives depends on relative coverage breadth, administrative responsiveness, and stimulative effectiveness per dollar spent. Targeted programs reaching those with highest marginal propensity to consume may generate greater short-term stimulus per dollar, but universal approaches provide broader coverage and avoid implementation delays during crisis periods. Comparative assessment of UBI relative to alternative social protection approaches reveals complex tradeoffs rather than straightforward superiority of any single system. Traditional social insurance programs typically provide more targeted risk protection for specific life events but often leave significant coverage gaps for non-standard workers and those with irregular employment histories. Targeted social assistance programs can deliver more poverty reduction per dollar spent but create administrative complexity, coverage gaps, and potential work disincentives through high marginal effective tax rates. Earned income tax credits and wage subsidies provide work incentives and targeted support but exclude those unable to participate in formal labor markets and may subsidize low-wage employers rather than meaningfully improving worker welfare."],
    hints: "Evaluate the economic case for universal basic income, analyzing its potential impact on labor markets, poverty reduction, fiscal sustainability, and macroeconomic stability compared to alternative social protection approaches.",
    expectedKeywords: ["universal basic income", "labor market", "work incentives", "poverty reduction", "fiscal sustainability", "macroeconomic stability", "income effect", "substitution effect", "means-testing", "administrative costs", "poverty traps", "automatic stabilizers", "redistribution", "tax-transfer system", "targeting efficiency", "coverage", "social protection", "welfare state", "empirical evidence", "policy design"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your comprehensive evaluation of universal basic income demonstrates exceptional understanding of the complex economic tradeoffs involved. Throughout this seminar, you've consistently displayed mastery of advanced economic concepts, nuanced policy analysis, and sophisticated understanding of efficiency-equity considerations across diverse policy domains. Your ability to evaluate competing theoretical frameworks, analyze empirical evidence, and articulate complex economic mechanisms with precision exemplifies the highest level of economic policy discourse. This concludes our advanced economic policy analysis seminar.",
      partial: "You've addressed some important aspects of universal basic income. Could you develop your analysis further by more comprehensively evaluating its potential impact on labor markets, poverty reduction, fiscal sustainability, and macroeconomic stability specifically in comparison to alternative social protection approaches?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the economic case for a universal basic income, particularly analyzing its potential impact on labor markets, poverty reduction, fiscal sustainability, and macroeconomic stability compared to alternative social protection approaches."
    }
  }],
  completionMessage: "Congratulations! You've successfully completed the Economic Policy Analysis scenario, demonstrating exceptional mastery of advanced economic concepts and communication skills. Your responses showed sophisticated understanding of complex economic theories, ability to evaluate competing policy frameworks, and skill in communicating abstract economic principles with remarkable precision and clarity. You effectively employed specialized economic vocabulary and complex grammatical structures appropriate for high-level academic discourse in economics. This exercise showcased your ability to navigate cutting-edge economic policy topics, evaluate evidence critically, and articulate nuanced perspectives with exceptional fluency—all essential skills for mastery-level English communication in advanced economic contexts.",
  learningObjectives: ["Demonstrate mastery of advanced economic concepts and terminology", "Compare and evaluate competing economic policy frameworks with nuanced analysis", "Articulate complex economic mechanisms using precise language", "Navigate efficiency-equity tradeoffs with sophisticated understanding", "Communicate abstract economic principles with exceptional clarity", "Synthesize information across different theoretical domains", "Evaluate the empirical status of economic theories", "Structure complex economic arguments with logical progression and coherence"],
  grammar: {
    points: ["Complex sentences with multiple subordinate clauses for elaborate economic exposition", "Sophisticated conditional structures for theoretical scenarios and policy counterfactuals", "Advanced passive constructions for economic objectivity", "Complex noun phrases with multiple specialized modifiers", "Nuanced hedging language for appropriate economic tentativeness", "Varied connectives for building sophisticated argumentative structures", "Precise use of modal verbs for expressing economic possibility and necessity"]
  }
};
var _default = exports.default = economicPolicyAnalysis;
//# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,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