355f1a25fe2a07305deace95de0ef513
Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", {
  value: true
});
exports.default = void 0;
function cov_5snp8pwx2() {
  var path = "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C2\\scenarios\\judicialReasoning.js";
  var hash = "479ab87274b71e4e2b53633fdd52eafc3ed98442";
  var global = new Function("return this")();
  var gcv = "__coverage__";
  var coverageData = {
    path: "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C2\\scenarios\\judicialReasoning.js",
    statementMap: {
      "0": {
        start: {
          line: 3,
          column: 26
        },
        end: {
          line: 164,
          column: 1
        }
      }
    },
    fnMap: {},
    branchMap: {},
    s: {
      "0": 0
    },
    f: {},
    b: {},
    _coverageSchema: "1a1c01bbd47fc00a2c39e90264f33305004495a9",
    hash: "479ab87274b71e4e2b53633fdd52eafc3ed98442"
  };
  var coverage = global[gcv] || (global[gcv] = {});
  if (!coverage[path] || coverage[path].hash !== hash) {
    coverage[path] = coverageData;
  }
  var actualCoverage = coverage[path];
  {
    cov_5snp8pwx2 = function () {
      return actualCoverage;
    };
  }
  return actualCoverage;
}
cov_5snp8pwx2();
var judicialReasoning = (cov_5snp8pwx2().s[0]++, {
  id: 4,
  title: "Judicial Reasoning",
  level: "C2",
  description: "Engage in a sophisticated discussion on judicial reasoning and constitutional interpretation, demonstrating mastery of complex legal concepts, ability to analyze jurisprudential theories, evaluate competing interpretive frameworks, articulate nuanced positions on legal principles, and communicate abstract legal reasoning with exceptional precision and clarity.",
  estimatedTime: "35-40 minutes",
  vocabulary: ["judicial review", "constitutional interpretation", "precedent", "stare decisis", "textualism", "originalism", "living constitutionalism", "jurisprudence", "justiciability", "proportionality", "legal positivism", "natural law", "statutory construction", "legislative intent", "separation of powers", "judicial restraint", "doctrinal coherence", "constitutional remedy", "strict scrutiny", "rational basis", "legal pluralism", "jurisdictional question", "constitutional convention", "legal realism", "normative jurisprudence"],
  steps: [{
    id: 1,
    botMessage: "Welcome to our advanced seminar on judicial reasoning and constitutional interpretation. Let's begin with a foundational question that shapes much of contemporary legal debate. How would you evaluate the competing theories of constitutional interpretation, particularly originalism and living constitutionalism? In your analysis, consider the theoretical foundations of each approach, their methodological strengths and limitations, and how they address the tension between democratic governance and constitutional constraint.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Constitutional interpretation represents one of the most consequential and contested domains of judicial reasoning, with profound implications for democratic governance and the rule of law. Evaluating competing interpretive theories—particularly originalism and living constitutionalism—requires analyzing their theoretical foundations, methodological approaches, and institutional implications within broader constitutional systems. Originalism emerged as a coherent interpretive theory in the late 20th century, primarily as a reaction against perceived judicial activism of the Warren and Burger Courts. In its contemporary form, originalism encompasses several variants, but all share the fundamental commitment that constitutional meaning was fixed at the time of enactment and that this original public meaning should constrain present-day interpretation. Theoretical justifications for originalism derive from several sources. First, originalists emphasize the constitutional text's status as written law, arguing that the purpose of writtenness in constitutionalism is precisely to fix meaning against temporal change, thereby enhancing legal stability and predictability. Second, they ground interpretive authority in democratic legitimacy, contending that only the meaning ratified through formal constitutional processes carries democratic warrant, while evolving interpretations lack such authorization. Third, many originalists argue that constraining judicial discretion through historical meaning helps maintain appropriate separation of powers by preventing judges from usurping legislative functions. Methodologically, originalism has evolved substantially from its early focus on framers' intent toward public meaning originalism, which examines how the constitutional text would have been understood by reasonably informed citizens at the time of enactment. This approach employs various historical tools: contemporaneous dictionaries and linguistic conventions, Founding-era legal treatises, ratification debates, early governmental practices, and the intellectual context of constitutional provisions. However, originalism faces significant theoretical and practical challenges. Determining original public meaning often proves indeterminate when historical evidence conflicts or remains incomplete. Constitutional provisions frequently contain abstract principles rather than specific rules, raising questions about whether originalism constrains interpretation at the level of specific expected applications or more abstract principles. Furthermore, originalism struggles with technological and social developments unforeseen by framers, potentially leaving constitutional governance unable to address contemporary challenges. Perhaps most fundamentally, originalism must confront the 'dead hand' problem—why democratic societies should remain perpetually bound by understandings of past generations, particularly given the Constitution's counter-majoritarian amendment process and the exclusion of women, racial minorities, and non-property owners from the original ratification process. Living constitutionalism, by contrast, encompasses diverse approaches sharing the premise that constitutional meaning legitimately evolves over time beyond its original understanding. Theoretical justifications for living constitutionalism include several strands. Pragmatic arguments emphasize that constitutions must adapt to changing social conditions to remain effective governing documents across generations. Democratic arguments contend that constitutional interpretation should reflect contemporary democratic values rather than being constrained by understandings of past generations with limited participation and different values. Some approaches ground interpretive evolution in the Constitution's abstract language, arguing that phrases like 'equal protection' and 'due process' inherently invite application to changing circumstances rather than freezing specific historical applications. Methodologically, living constitutionalist approaches vary widely but typically draw upon multiple interpretive sources. These include evolving precedent, which creates doctrinal frameworks that develop constitutional principles incrementally; changing social practices and values that inform understanding of abstract constitutional guarantees; comparative jurisprudence that examines how similar provisions function in other constitutional systems; and consideration of practical consequences when different interpretive options exist. Critics of living constitutionalism raise several objections. Most fundamentally, they question what constrains judicial discretion if not the original meaning, arguing that living constitutionalism risks transforming judges into unelected policymakers who impose their preferences under the guise of constitutional interpretation. They contend that evolutionary approaches undermine legal stability and predictability by making constitutional meaning contingent on changing judicial attitudes. Furthermore, they suggest that living constitutionalism diminishes the distinction between constitutional amendment and interpretation, potentially circumventing formal democratic processes for constitutional change. In practice, the distinction between these approaches often proves less absolute than theoretical debates suggest. Many self-described originalists acknowledge the legitimacy of precedent that departs from original meaning, particularly when overturning such precedent would disrupt settled legal expectations. Similarly, most living constitutionalists recognize the relevance of historical understanding as one factor in interpretation, even if not dispositive. Moreover, both approaches must confront indeterminacy—whether from conflicting historical evidence or competing contemporary values—that necessitates judgment beyond mechanical application of interpretive methods. Regarding the tension between democratic governance and constitutional constraint, both theories offer distinct perspectives. Originalists typically emphasize the Constitution's role in constraining democratic majorities, viewing judicial enforcement of original meaning as facilitating democracy by maintaining the foundational rules that structure democratic processes. Living constitutionalists often emphasize democracy more dynamically, viewing constitutional interpretation as a dialogue between courts, elected branches, and the public that can enhance democratic responsiveness when formal amendment proves impractical. A nuanced evaluation suggests that neither interpretive approach fully resolves this tension. Both ultimately must acknowledge trade-offs between competing constitutional values. Originalism provides stronger protection against judicial overreach but risks constitutional obsolescence and entrenchment of past injustices. Living constitutionalism enables constitutional adaptation but raises legitimate concerns about democratic accountability and the rule of law. Perhaps the most productive path forward involves recognizing that constitutional interpretation necessarily encompasses multiple modalities—text, history, precedent, structure, consequences—whose relative weight may vary across different constitutional domains. Some provisions may warrant stronger historical anchoring, while others, particularly those establishing abstract principles, may legitimately evolve to maintain their underlying purposes. This pluralistic approach acknowledges that constitutional interpretation serves multiple values—democratic legitimacy, individual rights protection, effective governance, legal stability—that cannot be reduced to a single methodological formula applicable across all constitutional questions.", "Constitutional interpretation represents one of the most consequential and contested aspects of judicial reasoning, with competing theoretical frameworks generating fundamentally different approaches to constitutional meaning and judicial review. Evaluating these interpretive theories—particularly originalism and living constitutionalism—requires analyzing their theoretical foundations, methodological approaches, and institutional implications within broader constitutional systems. Originalism, in its contemporary formulation, maintains that constitutional meaning was fixed at the time of enactment and that this original public meaning should constrain present-day judicial interpretation. This approach emerged as a coherent interpretive theory in the late 20th century, primarily as a reaction against perceived judicial activism that expanded constitutional rights beyond historical understandings. Its theoretical foundations rest on several interconnected principles. First, originalists emphasize that the Constitution's status as written law necessarily entails fixed meaning, arguing that the purpose of writtenness in constitutionalism is precisely to establish stable legal constraints against temporal change. Second, they ground interpretive authority in democratic legitimacy, contending that only the meaning ratified through formal constitutional processes carries democratic warrant, while evolving interpretations lack such authorization. Third, many originalists argue that constraining judicial discretion through historical meaning helps maintain appropriate separation of powers by preventing courts from usurping legislative functions. Methodologically, originalism has evolved substantially from its early focus on framers' intent toward public meaning originalism, which examines how constitutional text would have been understood by reasonably informed citizens at the time of enactment. This approach employs various historical tools: contemporaneous dictionaries and linguistic conventions, Founding-era legal treatises, ratification debates, early governmental practices, and the intellectual context of constitutional provisions. While providing methodological discipline, originalism faces significant theoretical and practical challenges. Determining original public meaning often proves indeterminate when historical evidence conflicts or remains incomplete. Constitutional provisions frequently contain abstract principles rather than specific rules, raising questions about whether originalism constrains interpretation at the level of specific expected applications or more abstract principles—a distinction that significantly affects originalism's practical consequences. Furthermore, originalism struggles with technological and social developments unforeseen by framers, from electronic surveillance to changing conceptions of equality, potentially leaving constitutional governance unable to address contemporary challenges without frequent amendments. Perhaps most fundamentally, originalism must confront the 'dead hand' problem—why democratic societies should remain perpetually bound by understandings of past generations, particularly given the Constitution's counter-majoritarian amendment process and the exclusion of women, racial minorities, and non-property owners from the original ratification process. Living constitutionalism, by contrast, encompasses diverse approaches sharing the premise that constitutional meaning legitimately evolves over time beyond its original understanding. Theoretical justifications for living constitutionalism include several strands. Pragmatic arguments emphasize that constitutions must adapt to changing social, technological, and political conditions to remain effective governing documents across generations. Democratic arguments contend that constitutional interpretation should reflect contemporary democratic values rather than being constrained by understandings of past generations with limited participation and different values. Some approaches ground interpretive evolution in the Constitution's deliberately abstract language, arguing that phrases like 'equal protection' and 'due process' inherently invite application to changing circumstances rather than freezing specific historical applications. Methodologically, living constitutionalist approaches vary widely but typically draw upon multiple interpretive sources. These include evolving precedent, which creates doctrinal frameworks that develop constitutional principles incrementally; changing social practices and values that inform understanding of abstract constitutional guarantees; comparative jurisprudence that examines how similar provisions function in other constitutional systems; and consideration of practical consequences when different interpretive options exist. Critics of living constitutionalism raise several objections. Most fundamentally, they question what constrains judicial discretion if not the original meaning, arguing that living constitutionalism risks transforming judges into unelected policymakers who impose their preferences under the guise of constitutional interpretation. They contend that evolutionary approaches undermine legal stability and predictability by making constitutional meaning contingent on changing judicial attitudes. Furthermore, they suggest that living constitutionalism diminishes the distinction between constitutional amendment and interpretation, potentially circumventing formal democratic processes for constitutional change. In practice, the distinction between these approaches often proves less absolute than theoretical debates suggest. Many self-described originalists acknowledge the legitimacy of precedent that departs from original meaning, particularly when overturning such precedent would disrupt settled legal expectations. Similarly, most living constitutionalists recognize the relevance of historical understanding as one factor in interpretation, even if not dispositive. Moreover, both approaches must confront indeterminacy—whether from conflicting historical evidence or competing contemporary values—that necessitates judgment beyond mechanical application of interpretive methods. Regarding the tension between democratic governance and constitutional constraint, both theories offer distinct perspectives. Originalists typically emphasize the Constitution's role in constraining democratic majorities through fixed principles, viewing judicial enforcement of original meaning as facilitating democracy by maintaining the foundational rules that structure democratic processes. Living constitutionalists often emphasize democracy more dynamically, viewing constitutional interpretation as a dialogue between courts, elected branches, and the public that can enhance democratic responsiveness when formal amendment proves impractical. A nuanced evaluation suggests that neither interpretive approach fully resolves this fundamental tension in constitutional governance. Both ultimately involve trade-offs between competing constitutional values. Originalism provides stronger protection against judicial overreach and better preserves the distinction between interpretation and amendment, but risks constitutional obsolescence and entrenchment of past injustices. Living constitutionalism enables constitutional adaptation to changing circumstances but raises legitimate concerns about democratic accountability and the rule of law. Perhaps the most productive path forward involves recognizing that constitutional interpretation necessarily encompasses multiple modalities—text, history, precedent, structure, consequences—whose relative weight may legitimately vary across different constitutional domains and provisions.", "Constitutional interpretation stands at the heart of judicial reasoning in democratic systems, generating profound debates about the proper relationship between democratic governance and constitutional constraint. Evaluating competing theories of constitutional interpretation, particularly originalism and living constitutionalism, requires examining their theoretical foundations, methodological approaches, and institutional implications. Originalism, which emerged as a coherent interpretive theory in the late 20th century, encompasses several variants that share the fundamental commitment that constitutional meaning was fixed at the time of enactment and that this original public meaning should constrain present-day interpretation. The theoretical foundations of originalism rest on several interconnected principles. First, originalists emphasize the Constitution's status as written law, arguing that the purpose of writtenness in constitutionalism is precisely to fix meaning against temporal change, thereby enhancing legal stability and predictability. Without such fixity, they contend, constitutional constraints would become illusory, shifting with judicial preferences rather than maintaining stable limitations on governmental power. Second, originalists ground interpretive authority in democratic legitimacy, maintaining that only the meaning ratified through formal constitutional processes carries democratic warrant. On this view, allowing judges to update constitutional meaning effectively circumvents amendment procedures and usurps the people's authority to determine their fundamental law. Third, originalists argue that constraining judicial discretion through historical meaning helps maintain appropriate separation of powers by preventing courts from engaging in policy determinations properly reserved for elected branches. Methodologically, originalism has evolved substantially from its early focus on framers' intent toward public meaning originalism, which examines how constitutional text would have been understood by reasonably informed citizens at the time of enactment. This approach employs various historical tools: contemporaneous dictionaries and linguistic conventions, Founding-era legal treatises, ratification debates, early governmental practices, and the intellectual context of constitutional provisions. While providing methodological discipline, originalism faces significant theoretical and practical challenges. Determining original public meaning often proves indeterminate when historical evidence conflicts or remains incomplete. Constitutional provisions frequently contain abstract principles rather than specific rules, raising questions about whether originalism constrains interpretation at the level of specific expected applications or more abstract principles—a distinction that significantly affects originalism's practical consequences. Furthermore, originalism struggles with technological and social developments unforeseen by framers, from electronic surveillance to changing conceptions of equality, potentially leaving constitutional governance unable to address contemporary challenges without frequent amendments. Perhaps most fundamentally, originalism must confront the 'dead hand' problem—why democratic societies should remain perpetually bound by understandings of past generations, particularly given the Constitution's counter-majoritarian amendment process and the exclusion of women, racial minorities, and non-property owners from the original ratification process. Living constitutionalism encompasses diverse approaches sharing the premise that constitutional meaning legitimately evolves over time beyond its original understanding. Theoretical justifications for living constitutionalism include several strands. Pragmatic arguments emphasize that constitutions must adapt to changing social, technological, and political conditions to remain effective governing documents across generations. Without such adaptation, constitutional systems risk either obsolescence or pressure for wholesale replacement rather than incremental evolution. Democratic arguments contend that constitutional interpretation should reflect contemporary democratic values rather than being constrained by understandings of past generations with limited participation and different values. Some approaches ground interpretive evolution in the Constitution's deliberately abstract language, arguing that phrases like 'equal protection' and 'due process' inherently invite application to changing circumstances rather than freezing specific historical applications. Methodologically, living constitutionalist approaches vary widely but typically draw upon multiple interpretive sources. These include evolving precedent, which creates doctrinal frameworks that develop constitutional principles incrementally; changing social practices and values that inform understanding of abstract constitutional guarantees; comparative jurisprudence that examines how similar provisions function in other constitutional systems; and consideration of practical consequences when different interpretive options exist. Critics of living constitutionalism raise several objections. Most fundamentally, they question what constrains judicial discretion if not the original meaning, arguing that living constitutionalism risks transforming judges into unelected policymakers who impose their preferences under the guise of constitutional interpretation. They contend that evolutionary approaches undermine legal stability and predictability by making constitutional meaning contingent on changing judicial attitudes. Furthermore, they suggest that living constitutionalism diminishes the distinction between constitutional amendment and interpretation, potentially circumventing formal democratic processes for constitutional change. In practice, the distinction between these approaches often proves less absolute than theoretical debates suggest. Many self-described originalists acknowledge the legitimacy of precedent that departs from original meaning, particularly when overturning such precedent would disrupt settled legal expectations. Similarly, most living constitutionalists recognize the relevance of historical understanding as one factor in interpretation, even if not dispositive. Moreover, both approaches must confront indeterminacy—whether from conflicting historical evidence or competing contemporary values—that necessitates judgment beyond mechanical application of interpretive methods. Regarding the tension between democratic governance and constitutional constraint, both theories offer distinct perspectives. Originalists typically emphasize the Constitution's role in constraining democratic majorities through fixed principles, viewing judicial enforcement of original meaning as facilitating democracy by maintaining the foundational rules that structure democratic processes. Living constitutionalists often emphasize democracy more dynamically, viewing constitutional interpretation as a dialogue between courts, elected branches, and the public that can enhance democratic responsiveness when formal amendment proves impractical. A nuanced evaluation suggests that neither interpretive approach fully resolves this fundamental tension in constitutional governance. Both ultimately involve trade-offs between competing constitutional values. Originalism provides stronger protection against judicial overreach and better preserves the distinction between interpretation and amendment, but risks constitutional obsolescence and entrenchment of past injustices. Living constitutionalism enables constitutional adaptation to changing circumstances but raises legitimate concerns about democratic accountability and the rule of law."],
    hints: "Evaluate the competing theories of constitutional interpretation (originalism and living constitutionalism), analyzing their theoretical foundations, methodological strengths and limitations, and how they address the tension between democratic governance and constitutional constraint.",
    expectedKeywords: ["originalism", "living constitutionalism", "constitutional interpretation", "original public meaning", "democratic legitimacy", "judicial restraint", "textualism", "dead hand problem", "precedent", "framers' intent", "evolving standards", "amendment process", "judicial review", "separation of powers", "counter-majoritarian difficulty"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation of constitutional interpretation theories demonstrates exceptional jurisprudential understanding. Building on this analysis, let's explore another fundamental aspect of judicial reasoning: How would you assess the role of precedent and stare decisis in constitutional adjudication? In your analysis, consider the theoretical justifications for adhering to precedent, the criteria courts employ when considering whether to overrule established decisions, and how different interpretive approaches handle the tension between doctrinal stability and constitutional fidelity.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of constitutional interpretation theories. Could you develop your evaluation further by more explicitly addressing the theoretical foundations of originalism and living constitutionalism, their methodological strengths and limitations, and how they address the tension between democratic governance and constitutional constraint?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the competing theories of constitutional interpretation, particularly originalism and living constitutionalism, specifically addressing their theoretical foundations, methodological strengths and limitations, and how they address the tension between democratic governance and constitutional constraint."
    }
  }, {
    id: 2,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation of constitutional interpretation theories demonstrates exceptional jurisprudential understanding. Building on this analysis, let's explore another fundamental aspect of judicial reasoning: How would you assess the role of precedent and stare decisis in constitutional adjudication? In your analysis, consider the theoretical justifications for adhering to precedent, the criteria courts employ when considering whether to overrule established decisions, and how different interpretive approaches handle the tension between doctrinal stability and constitutional fidelity.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Precedent and stare decisis constitute foundational elements of judicial reasoning in constitutional systems, embodying the complex interplay between legal continuity and constitutional evolution. Assessing their role in constitutional adjudication requires examining the theoretical justifications for adherence to prior decisions, the framework courts employ when considering overruling, and how different interpretive approaches navigate the tension between doctrinal stability and constitutional fidelity. The principle of stare decisis—that courts should stand by decided matters—derives theoretical justification from several interconnected values. Most fundamentally, adherence to precedent promotes legal stability and predictability, enabling individuals, organizations, and government actors to organize their affairs with reasonable certainty about legal consequences. This reliance interest becomes particularly significant when precedents have generated substantial private ordering or institutional arrangements that would be disrupted by sudden doctrinal shifts. Beyond practical consequences, precedential adherence enhances doctrinal coherence by ensuring that similar cases receive similar treatment, thereby promoting the rule of law value that legal principles transcend the preferences of individual judges. This consistency reinforces judicial legitimacy by demonstrating that courts resolve cases through principled legal reasoning rather than idiosyncratic judgment or political calculation. Stare decisis also conserves institutional resources by preventing constant relitigation of settled questions, allowing courts to build incrementally upon established principles rather than repeatedly revisiting foundational issues. Additionally, precedential adherence reflects principles of institutional humility, acknowledging that earlier courts may have possessed wisdom and insight deserving continued respect, while constraining any single generation of judges from implementing dramatic doctrinal shifts based on their potentially incomplete understanding. However, constitutional adjudication presents distinctive challenges for precedential adherence that differentiate it from statutory or common law contexts. Unlike statutes, which legislatures can amend to correct misinterpretations, constitutional provisions have heightened entrenchment, making formal amendment exceptionally difficult. This difficulty creates tension between doctrinal stability and constitutional fidelity when courts believe that precedents incorrectly interpret constitutional text or principles. This tension becomes particularly acute given the countermajoritarian role of constitutional review, where courts invalidate democratic enactments based on constitutional interpretation. When that interpretation itself rests on potentially flawed precedent, questions arise about whether stare decisis should insulate judicial errors at the expense of both democratic governance and constitutional meaning. Courts have developed multifaceted frameworks for determining when overruling precedent becomes justified despite the general presumption favoring stare decisis. These considerations typically include: (1) whether the precedent has proven unworkable in practice, generating confusion or inconsistent application that undermines its guidance function; (2) whether subsequent doctrinal developments have undermined the precedent's theoretical foundations, leaving it as an isolated departure from otherwise coherent principles; (3) whether changed factual circumstances have eroded the precedent's empirical assumptions or practical justifications; (4) whether the precedent has generated substantial reliance interests through private ordering or institutional arrangements; and (5) whether the precedent's reasoning appears fundamentally flawed or inconsistent with the constitutional text or structure. These criteria seek to balance the disruptive effect of overruling against the costs of perpetuating constitutional misinterpretations. Different interpretive approaches frame the precedent question distinctively, reflecting their broader methodological commitments. Originalists, who emphasize fidelity to constitutional text and original understanding, confront a fundamental tension when precedents depart from what they consider correct constitutional interpretation. While some originalists adopt formalist positions that would require overruling any precedent inconsistent with original meaning, many acknowledge that wholesale doctrinal upheaval would undermine judicial legitimacy and legal stability. Justice Scalia characterized his approach as 'faint-hearted originalism' that accommodated entrenched precedent despite theoretical inconsistency, while scholars like McGinnis and Rappaport have proposed 'original methods originalism' that incorporates traditional legal practices including stare decisis within originalist theory itself. More recently, some originalists have suggested frameworks distinguishing between precedents that merely misinterpret constitutional provisions versus those creating entirely extratextual constitutional rules, advocating stronger stare decisis for the former category. In contrast, living constitutionalist approaches typically accord precedent significant weight as an essential mechanism through which constitutional meaning evolves incrementally over time. Under these theories, precedent represents not merely a pragmatic concession to stability but a legitimate source of constitutional development, with successive judicial decisions elaborating constitutional principles in response to changing social conditions and values. Adherence to precedent enables this evolutionary process while maintaining sufficient continuity to preserve the constitution's identity across generations. However, living constitutionalist approaches must still determine when precedents have become sufficiently outmoded or normatively problematic to warrant overruling—decisions that inevitably involve normative judgments about constitutional trajectory rather than purely formal considerations. Common law constitutional approaches, elaborated by scholars like David Strauss, represent another distinctive perspective that elevates precedential reasoning to central methodological status. These approaches view constitutional adjudication as fundamentally similar to common law development, with constitutional meaning emerging primarily through an evolutionary process of case-by-case reasoning rather than through direct textual interpretation. Under this framework, precedent becomes not merely a constraint on constitutional interpretation but its primary mechanism, with constitutional principles emerging from the accumulated wisdom of sequential adjudication rather than from abstract theoretical frameworks. This approach emphasizes how precedential reasoning can generate sophisticated constitutional principles while maintaining stability through incremental rather than revolutionary change. Empirically, the Supreme Court's approach to constitutional precedent reveals complexity that transcends theoretical neatness. The Court has consistently maintained that stare decisis has reduced force in constitutional cases compared to statutory contexts, yet it rarely explicitly overrules landmark constitutional decisions. Instead, the Court employs various techniques for limiting or distinguishing disfavored precedents while preserving their formal validity—a practice that maintains nominal stability while potentially undermining doctrinal coherence and transparent reasoning. Recent controversies surrounding major constitutional reversals have highlighted the institutional stakes of precedential adherence, with critics arguing that perceived politicization of overruling decisions threatens judicial legitimacy, while defenders maintain that correcting fundamental constitutional errors serves longer-term institutional integrity despite short-term controversy. Looking forward, several principles might productively guide precedential practice in constitutional adjudication. First, courts should maintain meaningful presumptions favoring precedential adherence while acknowledging that constitutional fidelity sometimes necessitates correction of interpretive errors. Second, when overruling becomes necessary, courts should provide thorough, principled explanations that engage seriously with stare decisis considerations rather than minimizing or ignoring precedential concerns. Third, courts should consider adopting more nuanced approaches than binary adherence or overruling, including techniques for gradual transformation that promote orderly legal development while respecting reliance interests. Fourth, courts should acknowledge that precedential weight properly varies across different types of constitutional decisions, with cases establishing individual rights or fundamental structural principles potentially warranting stronger protection than those addressing peripheral or procedural questions. The role of precedent in constitutional adjudication ultimately highlights the inherent tension between stability and correctness in legal systems generally, and in constitutional interpretation specifically. While no theoretical approach fully resolves this tension, maintaining principled practices regarding precedent represents an essential aspect of legitimate judicial reasoning that mediates between rigid entrenchment of potentially flawed interpretations and chaotic doctrinal fluctuation that would undermine the rule of law values the Constitution itself seeks to embody.", "The role of precedent and stare decisis in constitutional adjudication represents a foundational yet contested aspect of judicial reasoning, embodying complex tensions between legal continuity and constitutional fidelity. Assessing this role requires examining the theoretical justifications for precedential adherence, the framework courts employ when considering whether to overrule established decisions, and how different interpretive approaches navigate competing jurisprudential values. Stare decisis—the principle that courts should adhere to precedent—derives theoretical justification from several interconnected values central to constitutional governance. First, precedential adherence promotes legal stability and predictability, enabling individuals, organizations, and governmental actors to organize their affairs with reasonable certainty about legal consequences. This reliance interest becomes particularly significant when precedents have generated substantial private ordering or institutional arrangements that would be disrupted by sudden doctrinal shifts. Second, stare decisis enhances doctrinal coherence by ensuring that similar cases receive similar treatment, thereby advancing the rule of law value that legal principles transcend the preferences of individual judges. This consistency reinforces judicial legitimacy by demonstrating that courts resolve cases through principled legal reasoning rather than idiosyncratic judgment or political calculation. Third, precedential adherence conserves institutional resources by preventing constant relitigation of settled questions, allowing courts to build incrementally upon established principles rather than repeatedly revisiting foundational issues. Fourth, stare decisis reflects principles of institutional humility, acknowledging that earlier courts may have possessed wisdom and insight deserving continued respect, while constraining any single generation of judges from implementing dramatic doctrinal shifts based on their potentially incomplete understanding. However, constitutional adjudication presents distinctive challenges for precedential adherence that differentiate it from statutory or common law contexts. Unlike statutes, which legislatures can amend to correct misinterpretations, constitutional provisions have heightened entrenchment, making formal amendment exceptionally difficult in many systems. This difficulty creates tension between doctrinal stability and constitutional fidelity when courts believe that precedents incorrectly interpret constitutional text or principles. This tension becomes particularly acute given the countermajoritarian role of constitutional review, where courts invalidate democratic enactments based on constitutional interpretation. When that interpretation itself rests on potentially flawed precedent, questions arise about whether stare decisis should insulate judicial errors at the expense of both democratic governance and constitutional meaning. Courts have developed multifaceted frameworks for determining when overruling precedent becomes justified despite the general presumption favoring stare decisis. The U.S. Supreme Court's approach, particularly instructive given its extensive jurisprudence on this question, typically considers several factors: (1) whether the precedent has proven unworkable in practical application, generating confusion or inconsistent implementation that undermines its guidance function; (2) whether subsequent doctrinal developments have undermined the precedent's theoretical foundations, leaving it as an isolated departure from otherwise coherent principles; (3) whether changed factual circumstances or understandings have eroded the precedent's empirical assumptions or practical justifications; (4) whether the precedent has generated substantial reliance interests through private ordering or institutional arrangements that would be disrupted by overruling; and (5) whether the precedent's reasoning appears fundamentally flawed or inconsistent with the constitutional text, structure, or historical understanding. These criteria seek to balance the disruptive effect of overruling against the costs of perpetuating constitutional misinterpretations, though their application inevitably involves subjective judgment rather than mechanical determination. Different interpretive approaches conceptualize the role of precedent distinctively, reflecting their broader methodological commitments. Originalists, who emphasize fidelity to constitutional text and original understanding, confront a fundamental tension when precedents depart from what they consider correct constitutional interpretation. While some originalists adopt formalist positions that would require overruling any precedent inconsistent with original meaning, most acknowledge that wholesale doctrinal upheaval would undermine judicial legitimacy and legal stability. Justice Scalia characterized his approach as 'faint-hearted originalism' that accommodated entrenched precedent despite theoretical inconsistency, while scholars like McGinnis and Rappaport have proposed 'original methods originalism' that incorporates traditional legal practices including stare decisis within originalist theory itself. More recently, some originalists have suggested frameworks distinguishing between precedents that merely misinterpret constitutional provisions versus those creating entirely extratextual constitutional rules, advocating stronger stare decisis for the former category. Living constitutionalist approaches typically accord precedent significant weight as an essential mechanism through which constitutional meaning evolves incrementally over time. Under these theories, precedent represents not merely a pragmatic concession to stability but a legitimate source of constitutional development, with successive judicial decisions elaborating constitutional principles in response to changing social conditions and values. Adherence to precedent enables this evolutionary process while maintaining sufficient continuity to preserve the constitution's identity across generations. However, living constitutionalist approaches must still determine when precedents have become sufficiently outmoded or normatively problematic to warrant overruling—decisions that inevitably involve normative judgments about constitutional trajectory rather than purely formal considerations. Common law constitutional approaches, elaborated by scholars like David Strauss, represent another distinctive perspective that elevates precedential reasoning to central methodological status. These approaches view constitutional adjudication as fundamentally similar to common law development, with constitutional meaning emerging primarily through an evolutionary process of case-by-case reasoning rather than through direct textual interpretation. Under this framework, precedent becomes not merely a constraint on constitutional interpretation but its primary mechanism, with constitutional principles emerging from the accumulated wisdom of sequential adjudication rather than from abstract theoretical frameworks. This approach emphasizes how precedential reasoning can generate sophisticated constitutional principles while maintaining stability through incremental rather than revolutionary change. Empirically, the Supreme Court's approach to constitutional precedent reveals complexity that transcends theoretical neatness. The Court has consistently maintained that stare decisis has reduced force in constitutional cases compared to statutory contexts, given the difficulty of correcting judicial errors through constitutional amendment. Yet the Court rarely explicitly overrules landmark constitutional decisions, even when new majorities express significant disagreement with their reasoning. Instead, the Court employs various techniques for limiting or distinguishing disfavored precedents while preserving their formal validity—a practice that maintains nominal stability while potentially undermining doctrinal coherence and transparent reasoning. The tension between doctrinal stability and constitutional fidelity ultimately reflects deeper questions about constitutional identity and the nature of judicial authority. If constitutional meaning derives primarily from the enacted text and original understanding, then precedents that depart from this understanding seem democratically problematic regardless of their entrenchment. Conversely, if constitutional meaning legitimately evolves through judicial elaboration over time, then precedent represents a crucial mechanism for maintaining continuity amid necessary adaptation. This theoretical divide cannot be fully resolved through doctrinal formulations, as it reflects fundamental differences in constitutional vision. Nevertheless, meaningful commitment to precedential reasoning represents an essential aspect of legitimate judicial practice, constraining courts from erratic doctrinal shifts while preserving the flexibility necessary for constitutional development in response to changing circumstances and evolving understandings.", "The role of precedent and stare decisis in constitutional adjudication represents a foundational yet contested aspect of judicial reasoning..."],
    hints: "Assess the role of precedent and stare decisis in constitutional adjudication, analyzing theoretical justifications for adhering to precedent, criteria for overruling established decisions, and how different interpretive approaches handle the tension between doctrinal stability and constitutional fidelity.",
    expectedKeywords: ["stare decisis", "precedent", "constitutional adjudication", "doctrinal stability", "constitutional fidelity", "reliance interests", "legal predictability", "overruling", "workability", "changed circumstances", "originalism", "living constitutionalism", "common law constitutionalism", "judicial legitimacy", "rule of law"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["stare decisis", "precedential adherence", "constitutional adjudication", "doctrinal stability", "constitutional fidelity", "reliance interests", "legal predictability", "overruling precedent", "workability", "changed circumstances", "originalist approach", "living constitutionalism", "common law constitutionalism", "judicial legitimacy", "rule of law values"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your assessment of precedent and stare decisis demonstrates sophisticated jurisprudential understanding. Let's now examine judicial review in comparative perspective: How would you analyze the different models of constitutional review that have developed globally, particularly focusing on the contrast between strong-form systems (like the U.S.) and weak-form systems (like those employing legislative override provisions or constitutional dialogue theories)? What insights do these comparative approaches offer regarding the appropriate balance between judicial authority and democratic governance?",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of precedent and stare decisis. Could you develop your assessment further by addressing more specifically the theoretical justifications for adhering to precedent, the criteria courts employ when considering whether to overrule established decisions, and how different interpretive approaches handle the tension between doctrinal stability and constitutional fidelity?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on assessing the role of precedent and stare decisis in constitutional adjudication, specifically addressing the theoretical justifications for adhering to precedent, the criteria courts employ when considering whether to overrule established decisions, and how different interpretive approaches handle the tension between doctrinal stability and constitutional fidelity."
    }
  }, {
    id: 3,
    botMessage: "Your assessment of precedent and stare decisis demonstrates sophisticated jurisprudential understanding. Let's now examine judicial review in comparative perspective: How would you analyze the different models of constitutional review that have developed globally, particularly focusing on the contrast between strong-form systems (like the U.S.) and weak-form systems (like those employing legislative override provisions or constitutional dialogue theories)? What insights do these comparative approaches offer regarding the appropriate balance between judicial authority and democratic governance?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Constitutional review systems across democratic polities reflect diverse institutional arrangements that negotiate the fundamental tension between judicial authority and democratic governance. Analyzing the spectrum from strong-form to weak-form review provides valuable comparative insights into how different constitutional orders have institutionalized the relationship between courts and legislatures while addressing shared concerns about democratic legitimacy, rights protection, and effective governance. Strong-form constitutional review, exemplified paradigmatically by the United States, empowers courts with final interpretive authority over constitutional meaning and the power to invalidate legislation without formal legislative response mechanisms. This model emerged historically from the peculiar American constitutional context—particularly Marbury v. Madison's judicial assertion of review power within a system lacking explicit constitutional authorization—but has subsequently influenced constitutional design globally. Contemporary strong-form systems typically exhibit several institutional features: constitutional courts with authority to render final, binding constitutional interpretations; judgments that elected branches cannot override through ordinary legislation; constitutional amendment as the principal formal response to judicial decisions; and high amendment thresholds that make such responses exceptionally difficult. This arrangement creates what Alexander Bickel termed the 'counter-majoritarian difficulty'—the democratic tension inherent when unelected judges invalidate enactments from democratically accountable legislatures. Strong-form review derives theoretical justification from several sources. Rights-based justifications emphasize courts' institutional capacity to protect fundamental rights against majoritarian infringement, viewing judicial independence as essential for principled constitutional enforcement. Precommitment theories frame constitutions as embodying a democratic people's binding decisions about governmental limitations, with courts serving as neutral enforcers of these precommitments against temporary majorities. Additionally, process-perfecting theories justify judicial review as reinforcing democratic governance by protecting political participation rights and preventing entrenchment of political power. However, strong-form systems face persistent legitimacy challenges. Critics contend that judicial supremacy in constitutional interpretation effectively transfers substantial policy discretion to unaccountable institutions, particularly when interpreting abstract constitutional provisions with significant policy implications. This concern intensifies when courts employ interpretive approaches that expand beyond constitutional text and original understanding, potentially enabling judges to constitutionalize their policy preferences. Moreover, strong-form review can potentially foster democratic atrophy by allowing elected officials to avoid responsibility for constitutional judgment while incentivizing rights-oriented social movements to pursue litigation rather than political mobilization. Weak-form constitutional review emerged partly in response to these democratic concerns while still maintaining judicial protection of constitutional values. These systems, developed primarily in Commonwealth countries and certain European nations, create institutional mechanisms for legislative responses to judicial constitutional interpretations without requiring constitutional amendment. Several distinct institutional arrangements exemplify weak-form review: Canada's Section 33 'notwithstanding clause' enables legislative override of certain Charter rights for renewable five-year periods; the United Kingdom's Human Rights Act 1998 authorizes judicial declarations of incompatibility without invalidation powers while obligating ministers to address incompatibility; New Zealand's Bill of Rights Act permits courts to interpret statutes consistently with protected rights where possible but explicitly preserves parliamentary sovereignty; and Australia's Victoria Charter establishes a judicial obligation to interpret legislation consistently with rights where possible, combined with a statement of incompatibility mechanism that triggers political reconsideration without judicial invalidation. These mechanisms create what scholars have termed 'constitutional dialogues' between courts and legislatures, where judicial decisions represent provisional rather than final constitutional interpretations. This dialogic approach explicitly acknowledges that reasonable disagreement about constitutional meaning exists in pluralistic societies and that both judicial and legislative perspectives contribute valuable insights to constitutional development. Weak-form systems attempt to harness judicial capacity for principled rights-focused reasoning while preserving ultimate democratic authority over contested constitutional questions. Several intermediate institutional arrangements exist between paradigmatic strong-form and weak-form systems. Constitutional systems like Germany's employ strong judicial review but within a political culture that has normalized constitutional amendment as a legitimate response to controversial decisions, facilitated by an amendment procedure more accessible than the U.S. equivalent. Other systems maintain formally strong review but incorporate appointment mechanisms ensuring greater alignment between judicial and democratic majorities, potentially reducing counter-majoritarian tensions. Some constitutional courts have developed doctrinal approaches like proportionality analysis or margins of appreciation that internally accommodate legislative judgment while maintaining formal judicial supremacy. These intermediate approaches demonstrate how the strong-form/weak-form distinction represents a spectrum rather than a binary categorization. Comparative analysis offers several insights regarding the appropriate balance between judicial authority and democratic governance. First, institutional design significantly influences how constitutional review operates in practice. Formal override provisions like Canada's notwithstanding clause have been employed less frequently than theoretically anticipated, suggesting that political norms and culture substantially determine how review mechanisms function regardless of formal design. Second, constitutional review systems demonstrate evolutionary trajectories, with initially weak-form systems sometimes developing stronger judicial authority through interpretive expansion, while strong-form systems sometimes develop internal doctrines accommodating legislative judgment. Third, different review models exhibit distinctive vulnerabilities—strong-form systems risking democratic legitimacy deficits and judicial overreach, while weak-form systems potentially providing insufficient protection for minority rights against majoritarian pressure. These comparative insights suggest that no single institutional arrangement perfectly resolves the tension between judicial authority and democratic governance. Rather, each system makes distinctive trade-offs along several dimensions: between rights protection and democratic decision-making; between legal certainty and constitutional adaptability; between judicial independence and accountability; and between constitutional entrenchment and responsiveness to contemporary values. The appropriateness of particular arrangements depends significantly on contextual factors including political culture, historical experience, social homogeneity, and existing democratic institutions. For established democracies with strong rights-protective traditions and relatively homogeneous societies, weak-form review might provide sufficient rights protection while enhancing democratic legitimacy. Conversely, societies with histories of rights violations, significant minority populations, or fragile democratic institutions might benefit from stronger judicial review despite counter-majoritarian concerns. The comparative perspective also reveals that the democratic legitimacy of constitutional review depends not only on formal institutional arrangements but also on judicial methodologies. Courts employing transparent reasoning, principled consistency, textual anchoring, and appropriate consideration of democratic values generally maintain greater legitimacy regardless of formal review strength. Similarly, legislative engagement with constitutional values—what some scholars term 'constitutional culture'—significantly determines whether any review system functions effectively to protect rights while respecting democratic governance. Looking forward, several developments suggest evolving approaches to balancing judicial authority and democratic governance. Transnational judicial dialogue increasingly influences constitutional interpretation across both strong-form and weak-form systems, potentially creating convergence in substantive constitutional protections despite different formal arrangements. New institutional innovations continue to emerge, such as pre-enactment political review mechanisms that complement judicial review by addressing constitutional concerns before legislation becomes entrenched. Additionally, growing recognition of dialogic elements within nominally strong-form systems suggests that the theoretical distinction between review models may matter less in practice than the specific institutional configurations and democratic contexts within which constitutional review operates. In conclusion, comparative analysis of constitutional review systems offers no definitive resolution to the tension between judicial authority and democratic governance. Rather, it reveals this tension as an inherent feature of constitutional democracy that different systems manage through varied institutional arrangements reflecting their particular contexts and values. The continuing evolution of review systems demonstrates that constitutional design represents an ongoing project of calibrating institutional relationships to balance the multiple values—rights protection, democratic legitimacy, governance effectiveness, and legal stability—that constitutional systems simultaneously serve.", "Constitutional review systems across democratic societies represent diverse institutional approaches to a common challenge: how to protect constitutional rights and principles while preserving democratic governance. Analyzing the spectrum from strong-form to weak-form review provides valuable comparative insights into different institutional solutions to this fundamental tension, revealing how constitutional systems worldwide have structured the relationship between judicial authority and democratic processes. Strong-form constitutional review, exemplified paradigmatically by the United States, empowers courts with final interpretive authority over constitutional meaning and the power to invalidate legislation deemed unconstitutional, without formal legislative response mechanisms short of constitutional amendment. This model emerged from the peculiar American constitutional context—particularly Marbury v. Madison's judicial assertion of review authority within a system lacking explicit constitutional authorization—but has subsequently influenced constitutional design globally. Contemporary strong-form systems typically exhibit several institutional features: constitutional courts with authority to render final, binding interpretations; judgments that elected branches cannot override through ordinary legislation; constitutional amendment as the principal formal response to judicial decisions; and high amendment thresholds that make such responses exceptionally difficult. In the American variant, these features combine with common law traditions of precedent, life tenure for judges, and highly politicized appointment processes to create a particularly robust form of judicial authority. The strong-form model derives theoretical justification from several sources. Rights-based justifications emphasize courts' institutional capacity to protect fundamental rights against majoritarian infringement, viewing judicial independence as essential for principled constitutional enforcement. Precommitment theories frame constitutions as embodying a democratic people's binding decisions about governmental limitations, with courts serving as neutral enforcers of these precommitments against temporary majorities. Process-perfecting theories justify judicial review as reinforcing democratic governance by protecting political participation rights and preventing entrenchment by those temporarily holding power. However, strong-form systems face persistent legitimacy challenges, articulated most famously in Alexander Bickel's 'counter-majoritarian difficulty'—the democratic tension inherent when unelected judges invalidate enactments from democratically accountable legislatures. Critics contend that judicial supremacy in constitutional interpretation effectively transfers substantial policy discretion to unaccountable institutions, particularly when interpreting abstract constitutional provisions with significant policy implications. This concern intensifies when courts employ interpretive approaches that expand beyond constitutional text and original understanding, potentially enabling judges to constitutionalize their policy preferences without meaningful political checks. Moreover, strong-form review can potentially foster democratic atrophy by allowing elected officials to avoid responsibility for constitutional judgment while incentivizing rights-oriented social movements to pursue litigation rather than political mobilization. Weak-form constitutional review emerged partly in response to these democratic concerns while still maintaining judicial protection of constitutional values. These systems, developed primarily in Commonwealth countries like Canada, the United Kingdom, and New Zealand, create institutional mechanisms for legislative responses to judicial constitutional interpretations without requiring constitutional amendment. Several distinctive institutional arrangements exemplify weak-form review: Canada's Section 33 'notwithstanding clause' enables legislative override of certain Charter rights for renewable five-year periods; the United Kingdom's Human Rights Act 1998 authorizes judicial declarations of incompatibility without invalidation powers while obligating ministers to address incompatibility; New Zealand's Bill of Rights Act permits courts to interpret statutes consistently with protected rights where possible but explicitly preserves parliamentary sovereignty; and Australia's Victoria Charter establishes a judicial obligation to interpret legislation consistently with rights where possible, combined with a statement of incompatibility mechanism that triggers political reconsideration without judicial invalidation. These mechanisms create what scholars like Peter Hogg, Allison Bushell, and Mark Tushnet have termed 'constitutional dialogues' between courts and legislatures, where judicial decisions represent provisional rather than final constitutional interpretations. This dialogic approach explicitly acknowledges that reasonable disagreement about constitutional meaning exists in pluralistic societies and that both judicial and legislative perspectives contribute valuable insights to constitutional development. Weak-form systems attempt to harness judicial capacity for principled rights-focused reasoning while preserving ultimate democratic authority over contested constitutional questions. Beyond these paradigmatic examples, numerous intermediate institutional arrangements exist. Constitutional systems like Germany's employ strong judicial review but within a political culture that has normalized constitutional amendment as a legitimate response to controversial decisions, facilitated by an amendment procedure more accessible than the U.S. equivalent. Other systems maintain formally strong review but incorporate appointment mechanisms ensuring greater alignment between judicial and democratic majorities, potentially reducing counter-majoritarian tensions. Some constitutional courts, particularly in Europe, have developed doctrinal approaches like proportionality analysis or margins of appreciation that internally accommodate legislative judgment while maintaining formal judicial supremacy. These intermediate approaches demonstrate how the strong-form/weak-form distinction represents a spectrum rather than a binary categorization. Comparative analysis offers several insights regarding the balance between judicial authority and democratic governance. First, institutional design significantly influences how constitutional review operates in practice, but formal structures alone do not determine outcomes. Canada's notwithstanding clause, for instance, has been employed less frequently than theoretically anticipated, suggesting that political norms and culture substantially determine how review mechanisms function regardless of formal design. Second, constitutional review systems demonstrate evolutionary trajectories, with initially weak-form systems sometimes developing stronger judicial authority through interpretive expansion (as arguably occurred in Canada despite the notwithstanding clause), while strong-form systems sometimes develop internal doctrines accommodating legislative judgment (as with various deferential standards of review in U.S. jurisprudence). Third, different review models exhibit distinctive vulnerabilities—strong-form systems risking democratic legitimacy deficits and judicial overreach, while weak-form systems potentially providing insufficient protection for minority rights against majoritarian pressure. These comparative insights suggest that no single institutional arrangement perfectly resolves the tension between judicial authority and democratic governance. Rather, each system makes distinctive trade-offs along several dimensions: between rights protection and democratic decision-making; between legal certainty and constitutional adaptability; between judicial independence and accountability; and between constitutional entrenchment and responsiveness to contemporary values. The appropriateness of particular arrangements depends significantly on contextual factors including political culture, historical experience, social homogeneity, and existing democratic institutions. For established democracies with strong rights-protective traditions and relatively homogeneous societies, weak-form review might provide sufficient rights protection while enhancing democratic legitimacy. Conversely, societies with histories of rights violations, significant minority populations, or fragile democratic institutions might benefit from stronger judicial review despite counter-majoritarian concerns. The comparative perspective also reveals that judicial legitimacy depends not only on formal institutional arrangements but also on judicial methodologies. Courts employing transparent reasoning, principled consistency, textual anchoring, and appropriate consideration of democratic values generally maintain greater legitimacy regardless of formal review strength. Similarly, legislative engagement with constitutional values—what some scholars term 'constitutional culture'—significantly determines whether any review system functions effectively to protect rights while respecting democratic governance. Looking forward, several developments suggest evolving approaches to balancing judicial authority and democratic governance. Transnational judicial dialogue increasingly influences constitutional interpretation across both strong-form and weak-form systems, potentially creating convergence in substantive constitutional protections despite different formal arrangements. New institutional innovations continue to emerge, such as pre-enactment political review mechanisms that complement judicial review by addressing constitutional concerns before legislation becomes entrenched. Additionally, growing recognition of dialogic elements within nominally strong-form systems suggests that the theoretical distinction between review models may matter less in practice than the specific institutional configurations and democratic contexts within which constitutional review operates. In conclusion, comparative analysis of constitutional review systems offers no definitive resolution to the tension between judicial authority and democratic governance. Rather, it reveals this tension as an inherent feature of constitutional democracy that different systems manage through varied institutional arrangements reflecting their particular contexts and values. The continuing evolution of review systems demonstrates that constitutional design represents an ongoing project of calibrating institutional relationships to balance the multiple values—rights protection, democratic legitimacy, governance effectiveness, and legal stability—that constitutional systems simultaneously serve.", "Constitutional review systems across democratic societies reflect diverse institutional approaches to mediating the tension between judicial protection of constitutional principles and democratic self-governance. Analyzing the spectrum from strong-form to weak-form review provides valuable comparative insights into different institutional solutions to this fundamental challenge, revealing how constitutional systems worldwide have structured relationships between courts and legislatures. Strong-form constitutional review, exemplified paradigmatically by the United States, empowers courts with final interpretive authority over constitutional meaning and the power to invalidate legislation without formal legislative response mechanisms short of constitutional amendment. This model emerged from the American constitutional context—particularly Marbury v. Madison's judicial assertion of review authority within a system lacking explicit constitutional authorization—but has subsequently influenced constitutional design globally. Contemporary strong-form systems typically exhibit several institutional features: constitutional courts with authority to render final, binding constitutional interpretations; judgments that elected branches cannot override through ordinary legislation; constitutional amendment as the principal formal response to judicial decisions; and high amendment thresholds that make such responses exceptionally difficult. This arrangement creates what Alexander Bickel termed the 'counter-majoritarian difficulty'—the democratic tension inherent when unelected judges invalidate enactments from democratically accountable legislatures. The strong-form model derives theoretical justification from several sources. Rights-based justifications emphasize courts' institutional capacity to protect fundamental rights against majoritarian infringement, viewing judicial independence as essential for principled constitutional enforcement. Precommitment theories frame constitutions as embodying a democratic people's binding decisions about governmental limitations, with courts serving as neutral enforcers of these precommitments against temporary majorities. Process-perfecting theories justify judicial review as reinforcing democratic governance by protecting political participation rights and preventing entrenchment of political power. However, strong-form systems face persistent legitimacy challenges. Critics contend that judicial supremacy in constitutional interpretation effectively transfers substantial policy discretion to unaccountable institutions, particularly when interpreting abstract constitutional provisions with significant policy implications. This concern intensifies when courts employ interpretive approaches that expand beyond constitutional text and original understanding, potentially enabling judges to constitutionalize their policy preferences. Moreover, strong-form review can potentially foster democratic atrophy by allowing elected officials to avoid responsibility for constitutional judgment while incentivizing rights-oriented social movements to pursue litigation rather than political mobilization. Weak-form constitutional review emerged partly in response to these democratic concerns while still maintaining judicial protection of constitutional values. These systems, developed primarily in Commonwealth countries and certain European nations, create institutional mechanisms for legislative responses to judicial constitutional interpretations without requiring constitutional amendment. Several distinct institutional arrangements exemplify weak-form review: Canada's Section 33 'notwithstanding clause' enables legislative override of certain Charter rights for renewable five-year periods; the United Kingdom's Human Rights Act 1998 authorizes judicial declarations of incompatibility without invalidation powers while obligating ministers to address incompatibility; New Zealand's Bill of Rights Act permits courts to interpret statutes consistently with protected rights where possible but explicitly preserves parliamentary sovereignty; and Australia's Victoria Charter establishes a judicial obligation to interpret legislation consistently with rights where possible, combined with a statement of incompatibility mechanism that triggers political reconsideration without judicial invalidation. These mechanisms create what scholars have termed 'constitutional dialogues' between courts and legislatures, where judicial decisions represent provisional rather than final constitutional interpretations. This dialogic approach explicitly acknowledges that reasonable disagreement about constitutional meaning exists in pluralistic societies and that both judicial and legislative perspectives contribute valuable insights to constitutional development. Weak-form systems attempt to harness judicial capacity for principled rights-focused reasoning while preserving ultimate democratic authority over contested constitutional questions. Numerous intermediate institutional arrangements exist between paradigmatic strong-form and weak-form systems. Constitutional systems like Germany's employ strong judicial review but within a political culture that has normalized constitutional amendment as a legitimate response to controversial decisions, facilitated by an amendment procedure more accessible than the U.S. equivalent. Other systems maintain formally strong review but incorporate appointment mechanisms ensuring greater alignment between judicial and democratic majorities, potentially reducing counter-majoritarian tensions. Some constitutional courts have developed doctrinal approaches like proportionality analysis or margins of appreciation that internally accommodate legislative judgment while maintaining formal judicial supremacy. These intermediate approaches demonstrate how the strong-form/weak-form distinction represents a spectrum rather than a binary categorization. Comparative analysis offers several insights regarding the appropriate balance between judicial authority and democratic governance. First, institutional design significantly influences how constitutional review operates in practice, but formal structures alone do not determine outcomes. Canada's notwithstanding clause, for instance, has been employed less frequently than theoretically anticipated, suggesting that political norms and culture substantially determine how review mechanisms function regardless of formal design. Second, constitutional review systems demonstrate evolutionary trajectories, with initially weak-form systems sometimes developing stronger judicial authority through interpretive expansion, while strong-form systems sometimes develop internal doctrines accommodating legislative judgment. Third, different review models exhibit distinctive vulnerabilities—strong-form systems risking democratic legitimacy deficits and judicial overreach, while weak-form systems potentially providing insufficient protection for minority rights against majoritarian pressure. The insights from comparative constitutional design suggest that no single institutional arrangement perfectly resolves the tension between judicial authority and democratic governance. Rather, each system makes distinctive trade-offs along several dimensions: between rights protection and democratic decision-making; between legal certainty and constitutional adaptability; between judicial independence and accountability; and between constitutional entrenchment and responsiveness to contemporary values. The appropriateness of particular arrangements depends significantly on contextual factors including political culture, historical experience, social homogeneity, and existing democratic institutions. For established democracies with strong rights-protective traditions and relatively homogeneous societies, weak-form review might provide sufficient rights protection while enhancing democratic legitimacy. Conversely, societies with histories of rights violations, significant minority populations, or fragile democratic institutions might benefit from stronger judicial review despite counter-majoritarian concerns. The comparative perspective also reveals that judicial legitimacy depends not only on formal institutional arrangements but also on judicial methodologies. Courts employing transparent reasoning, principled consistency, textual anchoring, and appropriate consideration of democratic values generally maintain greater legitimacy regardless of formal review strength. Similarly, legislative engagement with constitutional values—what some scholars term 'constitutional culture'—significantly determines whether any review system functions effectively to protect rights while respecting democratic governance. Looking forward, several developments suggest evolving approaches to balancing judicial authority and democratic governance. Transnational judicial dialogue increasingly influences constitutional interpretation across both strong-form and weak-form systems, potentially creating convergence in substantive constitutional protections despite different formal arrangements. New institutional innovations continue to emerge, such as pre-enactment political review mechanisms that complement judicial review by addressing constitutional concerns before legislation becomes entrenched. Additionally, growing recognition of dialogic elements within nominally strong-form systems suggests that the theoretical distinction between review models may matter less in practice than the specific institutional configurations and democratic contexts within which constitutional review operates. In conclusion, comparative analysis of constitutional review systems offers no definitive resolution to the tension between judicial authority and democratic governance but reveals this tension as an inherent feature of constitutional democracy that different systems manage through varied institutional arrangements reflecting their particular contexts and values."],
    hints: "Analyze different models of constitutional review globally, comparing strong-form systems (U.S.) with weak-form systems (legislative override/constitutional dialogue), and discuss insights these comparative approaches offer regarding the balance between judicial authority and democratic governance.",
    expectedKeywords: ["constitutional review", "strong-form", "weak-form", "judicial review", "legislative override", "notwithstanding clause", "counter-majoritarian difficulty", "constitutional dialogue", "democratic legitimacy", "rights protection", "parliamentary sovereignty", "proportionality", "Canadian Charter", "Human Rights Act", "Marbury v. Madison"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your comparative analysis of constitutional review models demonstrates exceptional jurisprudential sophistication. Let's now examine a different dimension of judicial reasoning: How would you analyze the concept of proportionality as a judicial methodology in rights adjudication? Consider how courts apply proportionality analysis across different constitutional systems, the theoretical justifications and critiques of this approach, and how it shapes the judicial role in balancing rights protection against competing governmental interests.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of constitutional review models. Could you develop your analysis further by more explicitly comparing strong-form systems with weak-form systems and discussing what insights these comparative approaches offer regarding the appropriate balance between judicial authority and democratic governance?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the different models of constitutional review that have developed globally, particularly comparing strong-form systems (like the U.S.) with weak-form systems (like those employing legislative override provisions or constitutional dialogue theories), and discussing what insights these comparative approaches offer regarding the appropriate balance between judicial authority and democratic governance."
    }
  }, {
    id: 4,
    botMessage: "Your comparative analysis of constitutional review models demonstrates exceptional jurisprudential sophistication. Let's now examine a different dimension of judicial reasoning: How would you analyze the concept of proportionality as a judicial methodology in rights adjudication? Consider how courts apply proportionality analysis across different constitutional systems, the theoretical justifications and critiques of this approach, and how it shapes the judicial role in balancing rights protection against competing governmental interests.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Proportionality analysis has emerged as one of the most influential methodologies in contemporary rights adjudication, providing courts with a structured framework for resolving tensions between individual rights and competing governmental interests. This approach, which originated in German constitutional jurisprudence and subsequently diffused globally, represents both a procedural methodology and a substantive conception of constitutional rights that fundamentally shapes how courts engage with rights-limiting measures. Analyzing proportionality requires examining its doctrinal framework, theoretical foundations, varying implementations across jurisdictions, and the profound implications it carries for judicial roles in constitutional governance. At its core, proportionality analysis provides a sequential, multi-stage framework for evaluating rights limitations. Though precise formulations vary across jurisdictions, the canonical structure comprises four distinct analytical steps. First, courts assess whether a challenged measure interferes with a protected right, establishing the threshold applicability of proportionality review. Second, they examine whether the measure pursues a legitimate aim, typically requiring that governmental objectives be constitutionally permissible and sufficiently important to justify potential rights limitations. Third, courts evaluate the suitability or rational connection between the measure and its objective, assessing whether the rights limitation can reasonably be expected to advance the governmental aim. Fourth, they consider necessity, examining whether less rights-restrictive alternatives could achieve the legitimate aim with comparable effectiveness. Finally, courts conduct proportionality stricto sensu (balancing in the narrow sense), weighing the marginal benefits of the measure against the severity of the rights limitation to determine whether an appropriate balance has been struck. This structured approach has spread remarkably across diverse constitutional systems, though with significant variations. The German Federal Constitutional Court developed proportionality's most rigorous and influential formulation, applying it systematically across constitutional rights. The European Court of Human Rights employs proportionality through its margin of appreciation doctrine, which modulates scrutiny intensity according to factors including consensus among member states and the nature of the right at stake. Canadian courts implement proportionality through the Oakes test under Section 1 of the Charter, which permits rights limitations that are 'demonstrably justified in a free and democratic society.'' Israeli courts have particularly emphasized proportionality's balancing stage, developing nuanced approaches for weighing competing values. South African jurisprudence integrates proportionality within a limitations analysis that explicitly considers factors including the nature of the right, the importance of the limitation's purpose, and less restrictive means. Even jurisdictions traditionally resistant to proportionality have increasingly incorporated elements of this methodology, as evidenced by the United Kingdom's structured proportionality following the Human Rights Act and the United States' tiered scrutiny approach, which, while distinct from classic proportionality, similarly calibrates scrutiny intensity according to the nature of rights and classifications. This global diffusion reflects proportionality's perceived advantages in addressing the inherent tensions within rights adjudication. Proportionality's theoretical foundations draw from diverse jurisprudential traditions. From legal positivism, it derives emphasis on structured legal reasoning that constrains judicial discretion through formalized analytical steps. From rights theory, particularly the work of Robert Alexy, it draws the conception of rights as optimization requirements—principles that should be realized to the greatest extent possible within factual and legal constraints—rather than as absolute rules. From administrative law traditions, it incorporates principles of reasoned decision-making and means-end rationality. From democratic theory, it reflects the understanding that rights in constitutional democracies are rarely absolute but properly subject to limitations serving legitimate collective objectives. The methodology simultaneously embodies both deontological commitments to rights as trumps against utilitarian calculations and consequentialist attention to practical outcomes and empirical evidence. This theoretical hybridity helps explain proportionality's adaptability across different constitutional traditions. Proportionality analysis offers several significant advantages as a judicial methodology. It provides courts with a structured, transparent framework that enhances analytical clarity and disciplined reasoning compared to more intuitive balancing approaches. The sequential analytical stages enable courts to isolate distinct aspects of rights controversies, facilitating more precise identification of exactly where and why governmental measures succeed or fail constitutional scrutiny. The methodology's explicit engagement with empirical questions about means-end relationships and alternative policies potentially enhances judicial decision-making quality by focusing attention on evidence rather than abstract principle alone. From an institutional perspective, proportionality's variable intensity—the capacity to modulate scrutiny according to factors like democratic legitimacy, institutional competence, and the nature of rights at stake—provides flexibility that potentially accommodates legitimate differences in judicial roles across different constitutional systems and issue domains. However, proportionality has also generated significant theoretical critiques. Some scholars argue that proportionality's balancing approach fundamentally misconceives rights by treating them as interests to be optimized rather than as principled constraints on governmental action. This critique, associated particularly with Jürgen Habermas and, in different forms, with Ronald Dworkin, maintains that proportionality improperly subjects rights to utilitarian calculations that undermine their normative force. Others contend that proportionality's seemingly neutral procedural framework disguises substantive value judgments, potentially enabling courts to implement their policy preferences under the guise of objective analysis. From institutional perspectives, critics argue that proportionality expands judicial power by involving courts in policy assessments traditionally reserved for democratic institutions, particularly at the balancing stage where judges explicitly weigh competing social values. The methodology's empirical orientation also raises concerns about institutional competence, as courts may lack the expertise and information-gathering capacity to effectively evaluate complex empirical questions about policy alternatives and their consequences. These theoretical tensions manifest in practical challenges when courts implement proportionality. The necessity analysis requires counterfactual judgments about alternative policies' effectiveness that strain judicial capacity for empirical assessment. The balancing stage involves incommensurable value comparisons that resist reduction to common metrics, potentially defaulting to intuitive rather than structured reasoning despite proportionality's formalized framework. More fundamentally, proportionality's implementation requires calibrating scrutiny intensity—determining how much deference courts should accord governmental judgments at each analytical stage—yet proportionality itself provides limited guidance for this crucial calibration that ultimately shapes review outcomes. Despite these challenges, proportionality has profoundly influenced contemporary constitutionalism by structuring how courts conceptualize their role in rights adjudication. The methodology implicitly positions courts as reasonableness evaluators rather than rights absolutes or democratic subordinates. It establishes an intermediate position between categorical approaches that strictly separate rights definition and application and ad hoc balancing that provides minimal decisional structure. This positioning reflects proportionality's underlying view that rights adjudication inherently involves mediating tensions between individual liberty and democratic governance rather than implementing absolute principles. Looking forward, several developments may shape proportionality's evolution. Growing emphasis on empirical legal studies may strengthen courts' capacity to evaluate means-end relationships and policy alternatives more rigorously. Increased attention to non-instrumental values like dignity and equality may modify proportionality frameworks to better accommodate rights that resist consequentialist analysis. The methodology's global diffusion may continue generating cross-jurisdictional dialogue that refines proportionality's application across different constitutional contexts. These developments suggest that proportionality will likely remain central to constitutional adjudication while continuing to evolve in response to theoretical critiques and practical implementation challenges. In conclusion, proportionality analysis represents more than merely a judicial technique; it embodies a particular understanding of constitutional rights and institutional relationships within democratic governance. Its structured framework enhances analytical transparency while accommodating legitimate differences in judicial roles across constitutional systems. Despite significant theoretical tensions and practical challenges, proportionality's capacity to mediate between competing values while providing reasoned justification for rights limitations explains its remarkable global influence and continuing significance in constitutional jurisprudence.", "Proportionality analysis has emerged as one of the most influential methodologies in contemporary rights adjudication, providing courts with a structured framework for resolving tensions between constitutional rights and competing governmental interests. This approach, which originated in German constitutional jurisprudence before diffusing globally, represents both a procedural methodology and a substantive conception of rights that fundamentally shapes how courts engage with rights-limiting measures across diverse constitutional systems. Analyzing proportionality requires examining its doctrinal structure, theoretical foundations, varying implementations across jurisdictions, and the implications it carries for judicial roles in constitutional governance. At its core, proportionality analysis provides a sequential, multi-stage framework for evaluating rights limitations. Though precise formulations vary across jurisdictions, the canonical structure comprises four distinct analytical steps. First, courts assess whether a challenged measure interferes with a protected right, establishing the threshold applicability of proportionality review. Second, they examine whether the measure pursues a legitimate aim, typically requiring that governmental objectives be constitutionally permissible and sufficiently important to justify potential rights limitations. Third, courts evaluate the suitability or rational connection between the measure and its objective, assessing whether the rights limitation can reasonably be expected to advance the governmental aim. Fourth, they consider necessity, examining whether less rights-restrictive alternatives could achieve the legitimate aim with comparable effectiveness. Finally, courts conduct proportionality stricto sensu (balancing in the narrow sense), weighing the marginal benefits of the measure against the severity of the rights limitation to determine whether an appropriate balance has been struck. This structured approach has spread remarkably across diverse constitutional systems, though with significant variations reflecting different legal traditions and institutional contexts. The German Federal Constitutional Court developed proportionality's most rigorous and influential formulation, applying it systematically across constitutional rights while according particular weight to human dignity as a foundational value. The European Court of Human Rights employs proportionality through its margin of appreciation doctrine, which modulates scrutiny intensity according to factors including consensus among member states, the nature of the right at stake, and the legislative context. Canadian courts implement proportionality through the Oakes test under Section 1 of the Charter, which permits rights limitations that are 'demonstrably justified in a free and democratic society.' Israeli courts have particularly emphasized proportionality's balancing stage, developing nuanced approaches for weighing competing values in security contexts. South African jurisprudence integrates proportionality within a limitations analysis that explicitly considers factors including the nature of the right, the importance of the limitation's purpose, and the availability of less restrictive means. Even jurisdictions traditionally resistant to proportionality have increasingly incorporated elements of this methodology. The United Kingdom has developed structured proportionality analysis following the Human Rights Act, while the United States' tiered scrutiny approach, though conceptually distinct from classic proportionality, similarly calibrates scrutiny intensity according to the nature of rights and classifications at issue. This global diffusion reflects proportionality's perceived advantages in addressing the inherent tensions within rights adjudication. Proportionality's theoretical foundations draw from diverse jurisprudential traditions. From legal positivism, it derives emphasis on structured legal reasoning that constrains judicial discretion through formalized analytical steps. From rights theory, particularly the work of Robert Alexy, it draws the conception of rights as optimization requirements—principles that should be realized to the greatest extent possible within factual and legal constraints—rather than as absolute rules. From administrative law traditions, it incorporates principles of reasoned decision-making and means-end rationality. From democratic theory, it reflects the understanding that rights in constitutional democracies are rarely absolute but properly subject to limitations serving legitimate collective objectives. This theoretical hybridity helps explain proportionality's adaptability across different constitutional traditions. The methodology offers several significant advantages for rights adjudication. It provides courts with a structured, transparent framework that enhances analytical clarity and disciplined reasoning compared to more intuitive balancing approaches. The sequential analytical stages enable courts to isolate distinct aspects of rights controversies, facilitating more precise identification of exactly where and why governmental measures succeed or fail constitutional scrutiny. The methodology's explicit engagement with empirical questions about means-end relationships and alternative policies potentially enhances judicial decision-making quality by focusing attention on evidence rather than abstract principle alone. From an institutional perspective, proportionality's variable intensity—the capacity to modulate scrutiny according to factors like democratic legitimacy, institutional competence, and the nature of rights at stake—provides flexibility that potentially accommodates legitimate differences in judicial roles across different constitutional systems and issue domains. However, proportionality has also generated significant theoretical critiques. Some scholars argue that proportionality's balancing approach fundamentally misconceives rights by treating them as interests to be optimized rather than as principled constraints on governmental action. This critique, associated particularly with Jürgen Habermas and, in different forms, with Ronald Dworkin, maintains that proportionality improperly subjects rights to utilitarian calculations that undermine their normative force. Others contend that proportionality's seemingly neutral procedural framework disguises substantive value judgments, potentially enabling courts to implement their policy preferences under the guise of objective analysis. From institutional perspectives, critics argue that proportionality expands judicial power by involving courts in policy assessments traditionally reserved for democratic institutions, particularly at the balancing stage where judges explicitly weigh competing social values. The methodology's empirical orientation also raises concerns about institutional competence, as courts may lack the expertise and information-gathering capacity to effectively evaluate complex empirical questions about policy alternatives and their consequences. These theoretical tensions manifest in practical challenges when courts implement proportionality. The necessity analysis requires counterfactual judgments about alternative policies' effectiveness that strain judicial capacity for empirical assessment. The balancing stage involves incommensurable value comparisons that resist reduction to common metrics, potentially defaulting to intuitive rather than structured reasoning despite proportionality's formalized framework. More fundamentally, proportionality's implementation requires calibrating scrutiny intensity—determining how much deference courts should accord governmental judgments at each analytical stage—yet proportionality itself provides limited guidance for this crucial calibration that ultimately shapes review outcomes. Despite these challenges, proportionality has profoundly influenced contemporary constitutionalism by structuring how courts conceptualize their role in rights adjudication. The methodology implicitly positions courts as reasonableness evaluators rather than rights absolutists or democratic subordinates. It establishes an intermediate position between categorical approaches that strictly separate rights definition and application and ad hoc balancing that provides minimal decisional structure. This positioning reflects proportionality's underlying view that rights adjudication inherently involves mediating tensions between individual liberty and democratic governance rather than implementing absolute principles. The comparison between proportionality and alternative methodologies like the United States' tiered scrutiny approach further illuminates its distinctive features. While tiered scrutiny similarly adjusts review intensity according to the nature of rights and classifications, it establishes relatively rigid categorical thresholds that trigger different scrutiny levels, whereas proportionality offers more continuous calibration. Tiered scrutiny emphasizes suspect classifications and fundamental rights categories determined through historical and textual analysis, while proportionality more explicitly engages with contextual factors in each case. These differences reflect broader contrasts between rights conceptions in American constitutional tradition, which often emphasizes categorical boundaries and historical meaning, and European approaches more explicitly oriented toward balancing and contemporary values. Looking forward, several developments may shape proportionality's evolution. Growing emphasis on empirical legal studies may strengthen courts' capacity to evaluate means-end relationships and policy alternatives more rigorously. Increased attention to non-instrumental values like dignity and equality may modify proportionality frameworks to better accommodate rights that resist consequentialist analysis. The methodology's global diffusion may continue generating cross-jurisdictional dialogue that refines proportionality's application across different constitutional contexts. In conclusion, proportionality analysis represents more than merely a judicial technique; it embodies a particular understanding of constitutional rights and institutional relationships within democratic governance. Its structured framework enhances analytical transparency while accommodating legitimate differences in judicial roles across constitutional systems. Despite significant theoretical tensions and practical challenges, proportionality's capacity to mediate between competing values while providing reasoned justification for rights limitations explains its remarkable global influence and continuing significance in constitutional jurisprudence.", "Proportionality analysis has emerged as one of the most influential methodologies in contemporary rights adjudication..."],
    hints: "Analyze proportionality as a judicial methodology in rights adjudication, examining how courts apply it across different constitutional systems, its theoretical justifications and critiques, and how it shapes the judicial role in balancing rights against governmental interests.",
    expectedKeywords: ["proportionality", "rights adjudication", "constitutional systems", "balancing", "legitimate aim", "suitability", "necessity", "stricto sensu", "German Constitutional Court", "Canadian Charter", "Oakes test", "margin of appreciation", "optimization", "incommensurable", "deference", "scrutiny"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["proportionality analysis", "rights adjudication", "constitutional systems", "balancing test", "legitimate aim", "suitability", "necessity", "proportionality stricto sensu", "German Federal Constitutional Court", "Canadian Charter", "Oakes test", "margin of appreciation", "optimization requirements", "incommensurable values", "judicial deference", "scrutiny intensity"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your analysis of proportionality demonstrates exceptional understanding of judicial methodology. For our final question, let's examine the intersection of constitutional law and political theory: How would you evaluate the concept of 'political constitutionalism' as an alternative to judicially-enforced constitutional rights? Consider the theoretical foundations of political constitutionalism, its critique of judicial review, and its implications for rights protection in democratic systems. What strengths and limitations does this approach offer compared to more court-centric constitutional models?",
      partial: "You've addressed some important aspects of proportionality analysis. Could you develop your analysis further by more explicitly examining how courts apply proportionality across different constitutional systems, the theoretical justifications and critiques of this approach, and how it shapes the judicial role in balancing rights protection against competing governmental interests?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the concept of proportionality as a judicial methodology in rights adjudication, specifically considering how courts apply proportionality analysis across different constitutional systems, the theoretical justifications and critiques of this approach, and how it shapes the judicial role in balancing rights protection against competing governmental interests."
    }
  }, {
    id: 5,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of proportionality demonstrates exceptional understanding of judicial methodology. For our final question, let's examine the intersection of constitutional law and political theory: How would you evaluate the concept of 'political constitutionalism' as an alternative to judicially-enforced constitutional rights? Consider the theoretical foundations of political constitutionalism, its critique of judicial review, and its implications for rights protection in democratic systems. What strengths and limitations does this approach offer compared to more court-centric constitutional models?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Political constitutionalism represents a significant theoretical challenge to the dominant paradigm of judicially-enforced constitutional rights, offering a normatively robust alternative vision of constitutionalism centered on legislative supremacy and democratic processes rather than judicial enforcement of entrenched rights. Evaluating this approach requires examining its theoretical foundations, critique of judicial review, conception of rights protection, and the strengths and limitations it presents compared to more conventional court-centric constitutional models. The theoretical foundations of political constitutionalism draw from multiple strands of political and legal theory. Most fundamentally, it builds upon republican conceptions of liberty as non-domination rather than non-interference, emphasizing that freedom requires democratic control over the exercise of governmental power through contestatory politics rather than judicial constraints. It draws from democratic theory traditions that prioritize legislative supremacy as the institutional arrangement most consistent with political equality among citizens. It incorporates insights from legal positivism regarding the inevitability of reasonable disagreement about rights in pluralistic societies, questioning the notion that courts possess privileged access to correct moral answers in contested constitutional questions. The approach also builds upon British constitutional traditions emphasizing parliamentary sovereignty and political constitutionalism, though contemporary theoretical articulations have developed beyond purely descriptive accounts of specific constitutional arrangements. Scholars including Jeremy Waldron, Richard Bellamy, Adam Tomkins, and Mark Tushnet have articulated distinctive versions of political constitutionalism, but share core commitments to legislative supremacy and skepticism about judicial enforcement of constitutional rights. Political constitutionalism offers a multifaceted critique of judicial review centered on both democratic and instrumental concerns. The democratic critique questions the legitimacy of transferring fundamental political decisions from democratic institutions to unelected judges, particularly given the absence of consensus about the proper interpretation of abstract constitutional provisions. Waldron's influential 'core case' against judicial review contends that in reasonably democratic societies without systemic dysfunctions, majority voting in legislatures provides the fairest procedure for resolving good-faith disagreements about rights. This procedural fairness argument maintains that judicial review disrespects citizens as moral agents capable of self-governance by privileging the judgments of a judicial minority over democratic majorities engaged in reasoned deliberation about contested rights questions. Beyond democratic legitimacy concerns, political constitutionalists challenge instrumental justifications for judicial review by questioning whether courts actually protect rights more effectively than legislatures. They highlight how judicially-enforced rights have historically protected property and contract against economic regulation (Lochner era), constrained legislative responses to campaign finance (Citizens United), and sometimes impeded rather than advanced progressive causes. Moreover, they contend that judicial review tends to transform political questions about the collective good into narrow legal disputes about individual rights, potentially obscuring broader systemic issues and collective interests that might better advance fundamental values. Rather than leaving rights unprotected, political constitutionalism offers an alternative understanding of rights protection through political institutions and processes. This approach emphasizes how democratic procedures—including competitive elections, parliamentary opposition, ministerial responsibility, legislative scrutiny committees, and robust civil society engagement—can create multiple veto points that protect rights through the political process itself. It highlights how rights consciousness becomes embedded within political culture, constraining legislative action through political rather than judicial mechanisms. Rather than conceptualizing rights primarily as trumps against democratic majorities, political constitutionalism frames them as interests requiring ongoing democratic negotiation and accommodation within pluralistic societies characterized by reasonable disagreement about their precise content and application. The United Kingdom's constitutional system, particularly before incorporation of the European Convention on Human Rights through the Human Rights Act 1998, exemplifies many aspects of political constitutionalism. Parliamentary committees like the Joint Committee on Human Rights scrutinize legislation for rights implications, ministers certify legislation's compatibility with rights commitments, and constitutional conventions constrain governmental power without judicial enforcement. New Zealand's constitutional structure similarly emphasizes parliamentary sovereignty while incorporating rights-protective mechanisms like the Attorney General's Section 7 reporting requirement under the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act. These systems demonstrate how rights consciousness can infuse political institutions without judicialized rights enforcement. Political constitutionalism offers several strengths compared to court-centric constitutional models. First, it provides stronger democratic foundations for constitutional practice by keeping fundamental value questions within institutions directly accountable to citizens rather than delegating them to insulated courts. Second, it potentially generates broader societal ownership of constitutional values by requiring ongoing democratic engagement with rights questions rather than treating them as settled through judicial pronouncement. Third, it maintains greater flexibility to adapt constitutional understandings to changing social conditions without the entrenchment effects created by constitutional judicial review. Fourth, it avoids judicial review's tendency to atomize collective problems into individualized rights claims, potentially enabling more systemic and structural approaches to fundamental values. Fifth, it reduces the politicization of judicial appointments that inevitably accompanies empowering courts to resolve contested social questions under the guise of constitutional interpretation. However, political constitutionalism also faces significant limitations. Most fundamentally, it struggles to address circumstances where democratic processes systematically disadvantage minority groups or where majority sentiment turns against fundamental rights. While political constitutionalists typically acknowledge that judicial review may be justified in societies with persistent democratic deficits or histories of rights violations, drawing this line proves difficult in practice, as most societies exhibit some degree of democratic imperfection. The approach also potentially underestimates entrenched power imbalances within democratic systems that may prevent effective protection of marginalized groups through purely political mechanisms. Additionally, political constitutionalism may inadequately account for how judicially-enforced rights can enhance rather than undermine democracy by protecting preconditions for meaningful democratic participation, including political speech, associational rights, and voting access. Moreover, the historical record suggests that legislatures, left to their own devices, have sometimes perpetrated serious rights violations against vulnerable minorities, raising questions about whether political processes alone provide sufficient protection. The contrast between political and legal constitutionalism may also be overstated in practice. Many contemporary constitutional systems incorporate elements of both approaches, with courts exercising significant but not definitive authority over constitutional questions. Commonwealth models of weak-form judicial review, including the Canadian notwithstanding clause and the UK's declaration of incompatibility mechanism, represent institutional compromises that preserve ultimate legislative authority while creating structured judicial input into rights questions. Similarly, dialogic theories of judicial review conceptualize courts and legislatures as engaged in ongoing constitutional conversations rather than positioning either institution as the exclusive or final constitutional interpreter. These intermediate approaches suggest the possibility of institutional arrangements that capture valuable aspects of both political and legal constitutionalism. A nuanced evaluation suggests that political constitutionalism's persuasiveness varies significantly depending on contextual factors including a society's democratic robustness, rights culture, and historical experience. The approach appears most compelling in societies with strong democratic traditions, robust parliamentary institutions, and political cultures that independently value rights protection. Conversely, societies with histories of rights violations, fragile democratic institutions, or significant minority oppression may justifiably prioritize judicially-enforced rights protections despite their countermajoritarian implications. Rather than adopting political or legal constitutionalism categorically, constitutional designers might productively consider calibrating the relationship between judicial and political institutions based on these contextual factors. Looking forward, political constitutionalism offers valuable insights even for systems that maintain strong judicial review. Its emphasis on democratic engagement with constitutional values and its critique of excessive judicialization provide important correctives to court-centric constitutional discourse. By highlighting how rights protection depends ultimately on political culture rather than judicial enforcement alone, political constitutionalism encourages broader attention to building constitutional cultures that embed rights consciousness within democratic institutions and civil society rather than relegating constitutional implementation exclusively to courts. In conclusion, political constitutionalism presents a theoretically sophisticated alternative to conventional assumptions about the necessity of judicially-enforced constitutional rights. Its democratic foundations, distinctive conception of rights protection, and emphasis on legislative supremacy challenge dominant paradigms in contemporary constitutional theory. While the approach faces limitations regarding minority protection and democratic pathologies, it provides valuable insights about the relationship between constitutionalism, democracy, and rights that warrant serious consideration even within systems that maintain significant roles for judicial review in constitutional enforcement.", "Political constitutionalism represents a theoretically rich alternative to the dominant paradigm of judicially-enforced constitutional rights, offering a vision of constitutionalism centered on legislative processes and democratic politics rather than judicial enforcement of entrenched rights. Evaluating this approach requires examining its theoretical foundations, critique of judicial review, conception of rights protection, and the strengths and limitations it presents compared to more conventional court-centric constitutional models. The theoretical foundations of political constitutionalism draw from multiple strands of political and legal theory. Most fundamentally, it builds upon republican conceptions of liberty as non-domination rather than non-interference, emphasizing that freedom requires democratic control over the exercise of governmental power through contestatory politics rather than judicial constraints. Richard Bellamy's influential articulation of political constitutionalism particularly emphasizes this republican foundation, arguing that constitutionalism's core purpose—preventing arbitrary power—is better served through democratic processes that treat citizens as political equals than through judicial enforcement of pre-political rights. Political constitutionalism also draws from democratic theory traditions that prioritize legislative supremacy as the institutional arrangement most consistent with political equality among citizens. It incorporates insights from legal positivism regarding the inevitability of reasonable disagreement about rights in pluralistic societies, questioning the notion that courts possess privileged access to correct moral answers in contested constitutional questions. The approach also builds upon British constitutional traditions emphasizing parliamentary sovereignty and political accountability, though contemporary theoretical articulations have developed beyond purely descriptive accounts of specific constitutional arrangements. Scholars including Jeremy Waldron, Richard Bellamy, Adam Tomkins, and Mark Tushnet have articulated distinctive versions of political constitutionalism, but share core commitments to legislative supremacy and skepticism about judicial enforcement of constitutional rights. Political constitutionalism offers a multifaceted critique of judicial review centered on both democratic and instrumental concerns. The democratic critique questions the legitimacy of transferring fundamental political decisions from democratic institutions to unelected judges, particularly given the absence of consensus about the proper interpretation of abstract constitutional provisions. Waldron's influential 'core case' against judicial review contends that in reasonably democratic societies without systemic dysfunctions, majority voting in legislatures provides the fairest procedure for resolving good-faith disagreements about rights. This procedural fairness argument maintains that judicial review disrespects citizens as moral agents capable of self-governance by privileging the judgments of a judicial minority over democratic majorities engaged in reasoned deliberation about contested rights questions. Beyond democratic legitimacy concerns, political constitutionalists challenge instrumental justifications for judicial review by questioning whether courts actually protect rights more effectively than legislatures. They highlight how judicially-enforced rights have historically protected property and contract against economic regulation (Lochner era), constrained legislative responses to campaign finance (Citizens United), and sometimes impeded rather than advanced progressive causes. Moreover, they contend that judicial review tends to transform political questions about the collective good into narrow legal disputes about individual rights, potentially obscuring broader systemic issues and collective interests that might better advance fundamental values. Rather than leaving rights unprotected, political constitutionalism offers an alternative understanding of rights protection through political institutions and processes. This approach emphasizes how democratic procedures—including competitive elections, parliamentary opposition, ministerial responsibility, legislative scrutiny committees, and robust civil society engagement—can create multiple veto points that protect rights through the political process itself. It highlights how rights consciousness becomes embedded within political culture, constraining legislative action through political rather than judicial mechanisms. Rather than conceptualizing rights primarily as trumps against democratic majorities, political constitutionalism frames them as interests requiring ongoing democratic negotiation and accommodation within pluralistic societies characterized by reasonable disagreement about their precise content and application. The United Kingdom's constitutional system, particularly before incorporation of the European Convention on Human Rights through the Human Rights Act 1998, exemplifies many aspects of political constitutionalism. Parliamentary committees like the Joint Committee on Human Rights scrutinize legislation for rights implications, ministers certify legislation's compatibility with rights commitments, and constitutional conventions constrain governmental power without judicial enforcement. New Zealand's constitutional structure similarly emphasizes parliamentary sovereignty while incorporating rights-protective mechanisms like the Attorney General's Section 7 reporting requirement under the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act. These systems demonstrate how rights consciousness can infuse political institutions without judicialized rights enforcement. Political constitutionalism offers several strengths compared to court-centric constitutional models. First, it provides stronger democratic foundations for constitutional practice by keeping fundamental value questions within institutions directly accountable to citizens rather than delegating them to insulated courts. Second, it potentially generates broader societal ownership of constitutional values by requiring ongoing democratic engagement with rights questions rather than treating them as settled through judicial pronouncement. Third, it maintains greater flexibility to adapt constitutional understandings to changing social conditions without the entrenchment effects created by constitutional judicial review. Fourth, it avoids judicial review's tendency to atomize collective problems into individualized rights claims, potentially enabling more systemic and structural approaches to fundamental values. Fifth, it reduces the politicization of judicial appointments that inevitably accompanies empowering courts to resolve contested social questions under the guise of constitutional interpretation. However, political constitutionalism also faces significant limitations. Most fundamentally, it struggles to address circumstances where democratic processes systematically disadvantage minority groups or where majority sentiment turns against fundamental rights. While political constitutionalists typically acknowledge that judicial review may be justified in societies with persistent democratic deficits or histories of rights violations, drawing this line proves difficult in practice, as most societies exhibit some degree of democratic imperfection. The approach also potentially underestimates entrenched power imbalances within democratic systems that may prevent effective protection of marginalized groups through purely political mechanisms. Additionally, political constitutionalism may inadequately account for how judicially-enforced rights can enhance rather than undermine democracy by protecting preconditions for meaningful democratic participation, including political speech, associational rights, and voting access. Moreover, the historical record suggests that legislatures, left to their own devices, have sometimes perpetrated serious rights violations against vulnerable minorities, raising questions about whether political processes alone provide sufficient protection. The contrast between political and legal constitutionalism may also be overstated in practice. Many contemporary constitutional systems incorporate elements of both approaches, with courts exercising significant but not definitive authority over constitutional questions. Commonwealth models of weak-form judicial review, including the Canadian notwithstanding clause and the UK's declaration of incompatibility mechanism, represent institutional compromises that preserve ultimate legislative authority while creating structured judicial input into rights questions. Similarly, dialogic theories of judicial review conceptualize courts and legislatures as engaged in ongoing constitutional conversations rather than positioning either institution as the exclusive or final constitutional interpreter. These intermediate approaches suggest the possibility of institutional arrangements that capture valuable aspects of both political and legal constitutionalism. A nuanced evaluation suggests that political constitutionalism's persuasiveness varies significantly depending on contextual factors including a society's democratic robustness, rights culture, and historical experience. The approach appears most compelling in societies with strong democratic traditions, robust parliamentary institutions, and political cultures that independently value rights protection. Conversely, societies with histories of rights violations, fragile democratic institutions, or significant minority oppression may justifiably prioritize judicially-enforced rights protections despite their countermajoritarian implications. Rather than adopting political or legal constitutionalism categorically, constitutional designers might productively consider calibrating the relationship between judicial and political institutions based on these contextual factors. Looking forward, political constitutionalism offers valuable insights even for systems that maintain strong judicial review. Its emphasis on democratic engagement with constitutional values and its critique of excessive judicialization provide important correctives to court-centric constitutional discourse. By highlighting how rights protection depends ultimately on political culture rather than judicial enforcement alone, political constitutionalism encourages broader attention to building constitutional cultures that embed rights consciousness within democratic institutions and civil society rather than relegating constitutional implementation exclusively to courts.", "Political constitutionalism represents a significant theoretical challenge to the dominant paradigm of judicially-enforced constitutional rights, offering a normatively robust alternative vision of constitutionalism centered on legislative supremacy and democratic processes rather than judicial enforcement of entrenched rights. Evaluating this approach requires examining its theoretical foundations, critique of judicial review, conception of rights protection, and the strengths and limitations it presents compared to more conventional court-centric constitutional models. The theoretical foundations of political constitutionalism draw from multiple strands of political and legal theory. Most fundamentally, it builds upon republican conceptions of liberty as non-domination rather than non-interference, emphasizing that freedom requires democratic control over the exercise of governmental power through contestatory politics rather than judicial constraints. It incorporates democratic theory traditions that prioritize legislative supremacy as the institutional arrangement most consistent with political equality among citizens. The approach also draws from legal positivism regarding the inevitability of reasonable disagreement about rights in pluralistic societies, questioning whether courts possess privileged access to correct moral answers in contested constitutional questions. Political constitutionalism builds upon aspects of British constitutional traditions emphasizing parliamentary sovereignty, though contemporary theoretical articulations by scholars including Jeremy Waldron, Richard Bellamy, Adam Tomkins, and Mark Tushnet have developed sophisticated normative accounts that transcend purely descriptive analyses of specific constitutional systems. Political constitutionalism offers a multifaceted critique of judicial review centered on both democratic and instrumental concerns. The democratic critique questions the legitimacy of transferring fundamental political decisions from democratic institutions to unelected judges, particularly given reasonable disagreement about constitutional interpretation. Waldron's influential 'core case' against judicial review contends that in reasonably democratic societies without systemic dysfunctions, majority voting in legislatures provides the fairest procedure for resolving good-faith disagreements about rights. This procedural fairness argument maintains that judicial review disrespects citizens as moral agents capable of self-governance by privileging the judgments of a judicial minority over democratic majorities engaged in reasoned deliberation about contested rights questions. Beyond democratic legitimacy concerns, political constitutionalists challenge instrumental justifications for judicial review by questioning whether courts actually protect rights more effectively than legislatures. They highlight how judicial review has historically protected economic privilege against regulation (Lochner era), constrained campaign finance reform (Citizens United), and sometimes impeded rather than advanced progressive causes. Moreover, they contend that judicial review transforms political questions about the collective good into narrow legal disputes about individual rights, potentially obscuring broader systemic issues that might better advance fundamental values. Rather than leaving rights unprotected, political constitutionalism offers an alternative understanding of rights protection through political institutions and processes. This approach emphasizes how democratic procedures—including competitive elections, parliamentary opposition, ministerial responsibility, legislative scrutiny committees, and civil society engagement—can create multiple veto points that protect rights through the political process itself. It highlights how rights consciousness becomes embedded within political culture, constraining legislative action through political rather than judicial mechanisms. Rather than conceptualizing rights primarily as trumps against democratic majorities, political constitutionalism frames them as interests requiring ongoing democratic negotiation and accommodation within pluralistic societies characterized by reasonable disagreement about their precise content and application. The United Kingdom's constitutional system, particularly before incorporation of the European Convention on Human Rights through the Human Rights Act 1998, exemplifies many aspects of political constitutionalism. Parliamentary committees like the Joint Committee on Human Rights scrutinize legislation for rights implications, ministers certify legislation's compatibility with rights commitments, and constitutional conventions constrain governmental power without judicial enforcement. New Zealand's constitutional structure similarly emphasizes parliamentary sovereignty while incorporating rights-protective mechanisms like the Attorney General's Section 7 reporting requirement under the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act. These systems demonstrate how rights consciousness can infuse political institutions without judicialized rights enforcement. Political constitutionalism offers several strengths compared to court-centric constitutional models. First, it provides stronger democratic foundations for constitutional practice by keeping fundamental value questions within institutions directly accountable to citizens rather than delegating them to insulated courts. Second, it potentially generates broader societal ownership of constitutional values by requiring ongoing democratic engagement with rights questions rather than treating them as settled through judicial pronouncement. Third, it maintains greater flexibility to adapt constitutional understandings to changing social conditions without the entrenchment effects created by constitutional judicial review. Fourth, it avoids judicial review's tendency to atomize collective problems into individualized rights claims, potentially enabling more systemic and structural approaches to fundamental values. Fifth, it reduces the politicization of judicial appointments that inevitably accompanies empowering courts to resolve contested social questions through constitutional interpretation. However, political constitutionalism also faces significant limitations. Most fundamentally, it struggles to address circumstances where democratic processes systematically disadvantage minority groups or where majority sentiment turns against fundamental rights. While political constitutionalists typically acknowledge that judicial review may be justified in societies with persistent democratic deficits or histories of rights violations, drawing this line proves difficult in practice, as most societies exhibit some degree of democratic imperfection. The approach also potentially underestimates entrenched power imbalances within democratic systems that may prevent effective protection of marginalized groups through purely political mechanisms. Additionally, political constitutionalism may inadequately account for how judicially-enforced rights can enhance rather than undermine democracy by protecting preconditions for meaningful democratic participation, including political speech, associational rights, and voting access. Moreover, the historical record suggests that legislatures, left to their own devices, have sometimes perpetrated serious rights violations against vulnerable minorities, raising questions about whether political processes alone provide sufficient protection. The contrast between political and legal constitutionalism may also be overstated in practice. Many contemporary constitutional systems incorporate elements of both approaches, with courts exercising significant but not definitive authority over constitutional questions. Commonwealth models of weak-form judicial review, including the Canadian notwithstanding clause and the UK's declaration of incompatibility mechanism, represent institutional compromises that preserve ultimate legislative authority while creating structured judicial input into rights questions. Similarly, dialogic theories of judicial review conceptualize courts and legislatures as engaged in ongoing constitutional conversations rather than positioning either institution as the exclusive or final constitutional interpreter. These intermediate approaches suggest the possibility of institutional arrangements that capture valuable aspects of both political and legal constitutionalism. A nuanced evaluation suggests that political constitutionalism's persuasiveness varies significantly depending on contextual factors including a society's democratic robustness, rights culture, and historical experience. The approach appears most compelling in societies with strong democratic traditions, robust parliamentary institutions, and political cultures that independently value rights protection. Conversely, societies with histories of rights violations, fragile democratic institutions, or significant minority oppression may justifiably prioritize judicially-enforced rights protections despite their countermajoritarian implications. Rather than adopting political or legal constitutionalism categorically, constitutional designers might productively consider calibrating the relationship between judicial and political institutions based on these contextual factors. Looking forward, political constitutionalism offers valuable insights even for systems that maintain strong judicial review. Its emphasis on democratic engagement with constitutional values and its critique of excessive judicialization provide important correctives to court-centric constitutional discourse. By highlighting how rights protection depends ultimately on political culture rather than judicial enforcement alone, political constitutionalism encourages broader attention to building constitutional cultures that embed rights consciousness within democratic institutions and civil society rather than relegating constitutional implementation exclusively to courts."],
    hints: "Evaluate 'political constitutionalism' as an alternative to judicially-enforced constitutional rights, examining its theoretical foundations, critique of judicial review, implications for rights protection in democratic systems, and its strengths and limitations compared to court-centric models.",
    expectedKeywords: ["political constitutionalism", "judicial review", "legislative supremacy", "democratic legitimacy", "rights protection", "parliamentary sovereignty", "Waldron", "Bellamy", "reasonable disagreement", "counter-majoritarian difficulty", "democratic processes", "minority rights", "constitutional culture", "New Zealand", "United Kingdom", "weak-form review"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that exceptional evaluation of political constitutionalism. Your discussion throughout this seminar has demonstrated remarkable mastery of complex legal concepts and sophisticated jurisprudential understanding. You've shown exceptional ability to analyze competing interpretive frameworks, evaluate constitutional principles across different systems, and articulate nuanced positions with exceptional clarity and precision. This concludes our advanced seminar on judicial reasoning and constitutional interpretation.",
      partial: "You've addressed some important aspects of political constitutionalism. Could you develop your evaluation further by more explicitly addressing its theoretical foundations, critique of judicial review, and implications for rights protection in democratic systems, along with a more detailed analysis of its strengths and limitations compared to court-centric constitutional models?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the concept of 'political constitutionalism' as an alternative to judicially-enforced constitutional rights, specifically addressing its theoretical foundations, critique of judicial review, and implications for rights protection in democratic systems, along with an analysis of the strengths and limitations it offers compared to more court-centric constitutional models."
    }
  }],
  completionMessage: "Congratulations! You've successfully completed the Judicial Reasoning scenario, demonstrating exceptional mastery of complex legal concepts and communication skills. Your responses showed sophisticated understanding of constitutional interpretation theories, ability to analyze jurisprudential frameworks, and skill in articulating nuanced legal positions with remarkable precision and clarity. You effectively employed specialized legal vocabulary and complex grammatical structures appropriate for high-level discourse in constitutional law. This exercise showcased your ability to evaluate competing interpretive approaches, consider institutional dimensions of constitutional systems, and communicate abstract legal principles with exceptional fluency—all essential skills for mastery-level English communication in advanced legal contexts.",
  learningObjectives: ["Demonstrate mastery of complex legal concepts and terminology", "Analyze competing theories of constitutional interpretation", "Evaluate jurisprudential frameworks across different legal systems", "Articulate nuanced positions on constitutional principles", "Communicate abstract legal reasoning with exceptional clarity", "Synthesize information across different legal traditions", "Consider institutional dimensions of constitutional design", "Structure complex legal arguments with logical progression"],
  grammar: {
    points: ["Complex sentences with multiple subordinate clauses for sophisticated legal analysis", "Advanced conditional structures for hypothetical legal scenarios", "Precise use of modal verbs for expressing legal possibility and necessity", "Complex noun phrases with specialized legal modifiers", "Nuanced transitional expressions for building complex arguments", "Varied connectives for developing sophisticated analytical structures", "Appropriate use of passive voice for legal objectivity and precision"]
  }
});
var _default = exports.default = judicialReasoning;
//# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,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