e00a2d7acd106e54963bf9a45c80dbda
Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", {
  value: true
});
exports.default = void 0;
var internationalRelations = {
  id: 2,
  title: "International Relations",
  level: "C2",
  description: "Engage in a sophisticated discussion on international relations, demonstrating mastery of complex geopolitical concepts, ability to analyze multifaceted global issues, evaluate conflicting theoretical frameworks, articulate nuanced policy positions, and communicate diplomatic considerations with exceptional precision and cultural sensitivity.",
  estimatedTime: "35-40 minutes",
  vocabulary: ["geopolitical realignment", "strategic autonomy", "normative framework", "multilateral institution", "diplomatic leverage", "sovereignty", "non-state actor", "constructivist approach", "realist paradigm", "liberal internationalism", "supranational governance", "soft power projection", "security dilemma", "humanitarian intervention", "balance of power", "institutional capacity", "transnational cooperation", "democratic backsliding", "spheres of influence", "diplomatic corps", "hegemonic stability", "multipolar system", "regional integration", "collective security", "international norms"],
  steps: [{
    id: 1,
    botMessage: "Welcome to our advanced seminar on contemporary international relations. Let's begin our discussion by examining a fundamental question at the heart of today's global order. In light of recent shifts in the international system, how would you evaluate the continued relevance of the liberal international order established after World War II? Please assess its institutional adaptability, normative foundations, and capacity to address transnational challenges in an increasingly multipolar world.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The liberal international order established after World War II finds itself at a critical juncture, facing unprecedented challenges to its institutional frameworks, normative foundations, and problem-solving capacity. To evaluate its continued relevance requires analyzing both its historical achievements and its adaptability to contemporary realities. Historically, this order—anchored by institutions like the United Nations, the Bretton Woods system, and later the World Trade Organization—created mechanisms for interstate cooperation, conflict management, and economic integration that contributed to remarkable outcomes: the avoidance of great power war, unprecedented economic growth, and significant advances in human development. These achievements stemmed from the order's core normative principles: sovereign equality, peaceful dispute resolution, economic openness, and (increasingly) human rights protection. However, this order now confronts multifaceted challenges that test its adaptability. First, the power transition toward multipolarity—particularly China's rise and Russia's assertiveness—has undermined the Western hegemonic foundations upon which the order partially rested. Rising powers often perceive existing institutions as reflecting post-1945 or post-1991 power distributions rather than contemporary realities, leading to contestation of both institutional arrangements and underlying norms. This has manifested in the creation of parallel institutions like the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and the diminished effectiveness of the UN Security Council. Second, transnational challenges including climate change, pandemics, migration crises, and technological disruption strain institutional architectures designed primarily for interstate cooperation rather than truly global governance. The COVID-19 pandemic revealed the inadequacy of existing mechanisms for coordinating global responses to shared threats, while climate change negotiations highlight the difficulty of reconciling national sovereignty with collective imperatives. Third, domestic political transformations across established democracies—populist movements, nationalism, and democratic backsliding—have eroded the internal consensus that historically supported liberal internationalism. The social dislocations produced by globalization, alongside perceptions that international institutions lack democratic legitimacy, have weakened the domestic political foundations necessary for international cooperation. Nevertheless, the liberal order demonstrates considerable adaptive capacity. Institutional innovation continues through formal and informal mechanisms: the G20's emergence following the 2008 financial crisis represented an acknowledgment of new power realities; the Paris Climate Agreement's novel architecture blended binding procedural obligations with nationally-determined substantive commitments; and regional organizations increasingly supplement global governance. Normatively, the order has demonstrated evolutionary potential through the development of concepts like the Responsibility to Protect, which reframes sovereignty as contingent upon responsibilities rather than absolute. Even seemingly existential challenges like the Ukraine conflict have triggered renewed cohesion among liberal democracies and reaffirmation of core principles regarding territorial integrity and the prohibition on force. Looking forward, the liberal international order's continued relevance depends on its ability to undertake several adaptations: institutional reforms that provide rising powers with representation proportionate to their capabilities while preserving core liberal principles; more effective mechanisms for addressing transnational challenges that transcend state-centric frameworks; and renewed efforts to ensure that globalization's benefits are more equitably distributed to rebuild domestic support for internationalism. The order seems unlikely to collapse entirely, given significant path dependencies and the absence of a comprehensive alternative vision. However, it will likely evolve toward a more pluralistic system characterized by variable geometries of cooperation, overlapping institutional frameworks, and ongoing contestation of both power arrangements and normative foundations. The resulting order may be less universalistic and more pragmatic, reflecting a diverse international society rather than aspirations for a unified global community. This evolutionary path, while messy and uneven, represents the most realistic trajectory for preserving the order's substantial achievements while adapting to contemporary realities.", "The liberal international order established after World War II stands at a critical inflection point, confronting profound challenges to its legitimacy, effectiveness, and normative foundations. Evaluating its continued relevance requires examining both its adaptive capacity and its structural limitations in the context of contemporary global transformations. This order—institutionalized through the United Nations system, Bretton Woods institutions, and the global trade regime—produced remarkable achievements: seven decades without direct great power conflict, unprecedented economic integration, substantial poverty reduction, and the expansion of human rights norms. However, these achievements now face serious contestation from multiple directions. First, the ongoing power transition from Western dominance toward multipolarity has fundamentally challenged the order's operating assumptions. Rising powers, particularly China, have gained sufficient material capabilities to demand greater representation within global governance structures while sometimes contesting the liberal principles underlying those structures. This has resulted in institutional deadlock in forums like the UN Security Council, the creation of parallel institutions such as the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank and the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, and renewed great power competition in regions from Eastern Europe to the South China Sea. Simultaneously, established powers—particularly the United States—have exhibited ambivalence toward the very institutions they created, periodically withdrawing from agreements and organizations when these constrain their freedom of action. Second, transnational challenges that transcend state boundaries—climate change, pandemic disease, migration flows, and digital governance—reveal the limitations of an institutional architecture designed primarily for interstate cooperation rather than truly global governance. The fragmented response to COVID-19 demonstrated the inadequacy of existing coordination mechanisms when confronting global public health emergencies, while climate negotiations continue to struggle with balancing national interests against collective imperatives. Third, domestic political developments within established democracies have eroded the internal consensus that historically supported liberal internationalism. Populist movements have effectively mobilized constituencies disadvantaged by globalization, challenging elite commitments to economic openness, multilateral problem-solving, and human rights norms. These domestic contestations reflect legitimate grievances regarding the unequal distribution of globalization's benefits and costs, alongside concerns about democratic deficits within international institutions themselves. Nevertheless, the liberal order has demonstrated significant adaptive capacity throughout its history. The G20's emergence after the 2008 financial crisis represented an acknowledgment of new power realities, while the Paris Climate Agreement pioneered a flexible approach to global cooperation that accommodates diverse national circumstances. Human rights norms have evolved to encompass a broader range of protections, while peacekeeping operations have adapted to address complex intrastate conflicts rather than traditional interstate wars. The liberal order's continued relevance will depend on its ability to undertake several critical adaptations. Institutionally, governance structures must better reflect contemporary power distributions while preserving core democratic and rule-of-law principles—a delicate balance that requires careful institutional design. Functionally, more effective mechanisms must be developed for addressing transnational challenges that escape state-centric frameworks, potentially through more flexible coalitions of the willing and stronger empowerment of non-state actors. Normatively, key principles may require reinterpretation to accommodate diverse political traditions while maintaining commitments to human dignity, peaceful conflict resolution, and rules-based interaction. The most likely trajectory involves neither complete collapse nor unchanged continuation, but rather evolution toward a more heterogeneous system characterized by overlapping institutional frameworks, variable speeds of integration, and ongoing normative contestation. This hybrid order will likely preserve elements of liberal internationalism in domains where shared interests remain strong—such as economic cooperation and functional problem-solving—while accepting greater diversity in political systems and development models. This evolutionary path, while messy and imperfect, represents the most realistic manner in which the order's achievements can be preserved while addressing legitimate demands for change. The fundamental question is not whether the liberal international order will remain relevant, but rather how it can adapt to incorporate new realities while preserving its core contributions to international stability, prosperity, and human welfare.", "The liberal international order established after World War II confronts an existential moment of transition, requiring rigorous assessment of its continued relevance across multiple dimensions. This order—comprising the United Nations system, the Bretton Woods institutions, and an expanding network of international legal frameworks—has delivered unprecedented achievements: preventing great power war, facilitating economic development, advancing human rights norms, and institutionalizing peaceful methods of dispute resolution. However, contemporary developments raise fundamental questions about its capacity to adapt to changing power distributions, address transnational challenges, and maintain normative consensus. The order's institutional architecture faces three interconnected challenges. First, the ongoing power transition toward multipolarity—most significantly China's economic and military rise—has undermined the Western hegemonic foundations that historically enabled the order's functioning. Rising powers increasingly demand representation proportionate to their material capabilities, while questioning aspects of the liberal normative framework that they perceive as reflecting Western preferences rather than universal values. This has manifested in institutional paralysis within established bodies like the UN Security Council and the World Trade Organization, alongside the creation of parallel structures like the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank that potentially fragment global governance. Second, transnational challenges including climate change, pandemic disease, migration, digital governance, and international terrorism strain an institutional architecture primarily designed for interstate cooperation rather than managing complex global interdependence. The COVID-19 pandemic revealed critical weaknesses in global health governance, while climate negotiations continue to struggle with reconciling national sovereignty and collective imperatives. These challenges require governance innovations that transcend the state-centric assumptions underlying much of the postwar order. Third, domestic political transformations across established democracies—particularly the rise of populist movements skeptical of internationalism—have eroded the internal consensus that historically supported liberal global governance. These movements reflect legitimate grievances regarding the uneven distribution of globalization's benefits and costs, alongside concerns about democratic deficits within international institutions themselves. When even the order's principal architect, the United States, periodically questions its value, the sustainability of liberal internationalism faces profound questions. The order's normative foundations similarly confront significant contestation. Core principles including sovereign equality, non-intervention, and human rights protection increasingly generate tension rather than complementarity. Rising powers often emphasize traditional sovereignty norms against Western advocacy of human rights conditionality and humanitarian intervention. Meanwhile, transnational challenges like climate change and pandemic response necessarily constrain sovereign autonomy, creating normative dilemmas that the original order was not designed to resolve. Despite these challenges, the liberal order demonstrates remarkable adaptive capacity. Institutionally, informal governance mechanisms like the G20 have emerged to reflect new power realities, while existing organizations have selectively reformed to incorporate rising powers. Normatively, concepts like the Responsibility to Protect represent attempts to reconcile sovereignty with human rights protection, while sustainable development frameworks seek to integrate economic, social, and environmental imperatives. Functionally, innovative governance arrangements including public-private partnerships, transnational regulatory networks, and multi-stakeholder initiatives increasingly supplement traditional intergovernmental organizations. The order's continued relevance depends on its capacity to undertake several critical adaptations. First, institutional reforms must provide rising powers with representation proportionate to their capabilities while preserving core liberal principles—a complex balance requiring creative institutional design. Second, more effective mechanisms must be developed for addressing transnational challenges that transcend state-centric frameworks, potentially through more flexible coalition approaches and stronger incorporation of non-state actors. Third, renewed efforts must ensure that globalization's benefits are more equitably distributed both within and between societies to rebuild domestic political support for internationalism. The most realistic trajectory involves evolution toward a more pluralistic system characterized by variable geometries of cooperation, overlapping institutional frameworks, and ongoing contestation of both power arrangements and normative foundations. This hybrid order will likely preserve elements of liberal internationalism in domains where shared interests remain strong—particularly economic cooperation and functional problem-solving—while accepting greater diversity in political systems and development models. While this evolutionary path entails significant uncertainty and potential instability during transition, it represents the most plausible means through which the liberal order's substantial achievements can be preserved while adapting to contemporary realities."],
    hints: "Evaluate the continued relevance of the post-WWII liberal international order, analyzing its institutional adaptability, normative foundations, and capacity to address transnational challenges in an increasingly multipolar world.",
    expectedKeywords: ["liberal international order", "institutional adaptability", "normative foundations", "transnational challenges", "multipolar", "United Nations", "Bretton Woods", "sovereignty", "great power", "China", "United States", "global governance", "legitimacy", "institutional reform", "power transition"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation demonstrates a sophisticated understanding of the liberal international order's current challenges and adaptive capacity. Building on this analysis, let's explore a related dimension: How would you assess the evolving relationship between state sovereignty and transnational governance in addressing global challenges such as climate change, migration, and digital regulation? What institutional innovations or normative developments might help reconcile traditional sovereignty concerns with the imperative for effective collective action?",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of the liberal international order. Could you develop your evaluation further by more explicitly addressing its institutional adaptability, normative foundations, and capacity to address transnational challenges in today's multipolar context?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the continued relevance of the liberal international order established after World War II, specifically addressing its institutional adaptability, normative foundations, and capacity to address transnational challenges in an increasingly multipolar world."
    }
  }, {
    id: 2,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation demonstrates a sophisticated understanding of the liberal international order's current challenges and adaptive capacity. Building on this analysis, let's explore a related dimension: How would you assess the evolving relationship between state sovereignty and transnational governance in addressing global challenges such as climate change, migration, and digital regulation? What institutional innovations or normative developments might help reconcile traditional sovereignty concerns with the imperative for effective collective action?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["The relationship between state sovereignty and transnational governance represents one of the most profound constitutional questions in contemporary international relations, as global challenges increasingly transcend territorial boundaries while political authority remains primarily anchored in sovereign states. This fundamental tension manifests differently across issue areas, revealing both the limitations of traditional sovereignty concepts and the emerging pathways for reconciliation with effective collective action. Climate change perhaps most starkly illustrates the sovereignty paradox: while states retain formal authority over their emissions policies and resource management, the atmospheric commons recognizes no jurisdictional boundaries. This disjuncture between political authority and the physical phenomenon being governed has historically undermined effective collective action, with sovereignty concerns repeatedly constraining international climate agreements. The Paris Agreement represents an important institutional innovation addressing this tension—its hybrid architecture respects sovereign prerogatives through nationally determined contributions while embedding these within a binding international framework of procedural obligations, transparency requirements, and collective goal-setting. This approach acknowledges sovereignty's continued centrality while establishing multilevel governance mechanisms that create pathways for progressively ambitious commitments through both domestic politics and international socialization. Migration governance reveals different dimensions of the sovereignty-transnational governance relationship. States vigorously assert territorial control over their borders as a core sovereign prerogative, yet migration flows reflect complex transnational dynamics including economic disparities, conflict, climate impacts, and human rights considerations. The inadequacy of purely national approaches has become increasingly evident during migration crises, which demonstrate both interdependence among states and responsibilities toward migrants that transcend citizenship frameworks. Institutional innovations in this domain have emerged primarily at regional levels, particularly in the European Union, where supranational governance structures establish shared asylum standards and burden-sharing mechanisms while preserving significant national implementation discretion. Normatively, frameworks like the Global Compact for Safe, Orderly and Regular Migration represent attempts to develop consensus principles for governing migration without imposing binding constraints on sovereign authority—an approach that respects sovereignty while acknowledging migration's inherently transnational character. Digital governance presents perhaps the most complex sovereignty challenges, as digital spaces fundamentally transcend territorial boundaries while enabling transnational interactions with minimal state mediation. States have responded by reasserting sovereign claims through data localization requirements, content restrictions, and digital border controls—a trend toward what scholars term 'digital sovereignty.' Simultaneously, private technology companies exercise quasi-governance functions regarding speech regulation, privacy standards, and digital identity systems, creating novel authority arrangements outside traditional sovereignty frameworks. Institutional innovations in this domain include multistakeholder governance bodies like the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), which incorporate governmental input alongside private sector and civil society participation in managing critical internet resources. Transnational regulatory networks among national agencies have emerged to coordinate approaches to issues like cybersecurity and digital competition policy, while private governance initiatives establish standards and practices that effectively function as regulation. These varied experiences across issue areas suggest several promising pathways for reconciling sovereignty with effective transnational governance. First, the development of subsidiarity principles that allocate authority to different governance levels based on comparative effectiveness rather than formal sovereignty claims. This approach recognizes sovereignty's continued importance while acknowledging that some challenges require governance at scales that transcend national boundaries. The European Union's architecture represents the most developed expression of this approach, though regional organizations elsewhere increasingly adopt similar multi-level governance frameworks. Second, the evolution of sovereignty concepts to emphasize responsible exercise rather than absolute authority. The Responsibility to Protect doctrine represents the most explicit articulation of this normative shift in the security domain, but similar reconceptualizations are occurring regarding environmental stewardship, migration management, and digital rights protection. This evolution preserves sovereignty as an organizing principle while embedding it within broader frameworks of responsible governance and common interests. Third, the development of flexible, adaptive governance arrangements that accommodate diverse national circumstances while establishing mechanisms for collective problem-solving. These include variable geometry approaches allowing different participation levels based on capacity and commitment; pledge-and-review systems that respect sovereign determination of commitments while creating transparency and accountability mechanisms; and experimentalist governance frameworks that facilitate learning and best-practice dissemination across jurisdictions. Fourth, the strengthening of domestic governance capacities that enable effective participation in transnational governance arrangements. When states possess robust internal capabilities for policy implementation, regulatory oversight, and stakeholder engagement, they can more confidently engage in international cooperation without perceiving sovereignty threats. Capacity-building initiatives that strengthen national governance institutions may paradoxically enable more effective transnational governance by addressing underlying sovereignty concerns. Looking forward, the reconciliation of sovereignty with transnational governance will likely involve continued institutional experimentation rather than comprehensive constitutional settlements. Different issue areas will require distinctive governance configurations reflecting varying degrees of interdependence, time horizons, and normative consensus. What emerges will not be a post-sovereign system but rather a more complex architecture in which sovereignty remains a fundamental organizing principle while being exercised within increasingly dense networks of transnational cooperation, shared norms, and multilevel governance arrangements.", "The tension between state sovereignty and transnational governance represents a defining challenge in contemporary international relations, as global interdependence increasingly necessitates collective action while political authority remains primarily anchored in sovereign states. This complex relationship manifests differently across various transnational challenges, revealing both the limitations of traditional sovereignty concepts and emerging pathways for their reconciliation with effective global governance. Climate change exemplifies this tension with particular clarity. The physical reality of atmospheric commons transcends territorial boundaries, yet governance responses remain largely organized through sovereign states whose individual incentive structures often diverge from collective imperatives. The evolution of climate governance illustrates both the persistence of sovereignty as an organizing principle and innovative approaches to its reconciliation with transnational cooperation. The Paris Agreement represents a significant institutional innovation in this domain—its hybrid architecture preserves sovereign determination of national contributions while embedding these within a binding international framework of procedural obligations, transparency mechanisms, and collective goal-setting. This approach reflects what scholars term 'managed sovereignty,' acknowledging states' continued primacy while establishing multilevel governance arrangements that create pathways for progressively ambitious commitments through both domestic politics and international socialization. Migration governance reveals different dimensions of the sovereignty-transnational governance relationship. States vigorously assert territorial control over their borders as a core sovereign right, yet migration flows reflect complex transnational dynamics including economic disparities, conflict, climate impacts, and human rights considerations that no state can effectively manage alone. Recent migration crises have demonstrated the inadequacy of purely national approaches while highlighting both interdependence among states and responsibilities toward migrants that transcend citizenship frameworks. Institutional innovations in this domain have emerged primarily at regional levels, particularly in the European Union, where supranational governance structures establish shared standards and distribution mechanisms while preserving significant national implementation discretion. Normatively, the development of the Global Compact for Safe, Orderly and Regular Migration represents an attempt to establish shared principles for migration governance without imposing binding constraints on sovereign authority—an approach that acknowledges migration's inherently transnational character while respecting sovereignty concerns. Digital governance presents perhaps the most fundamental sovereignty challenges, as digital spaces inherently transcend territorial boundaries while enabling transnational interactions with minimal state mediation. States have responded by reasserting sovereign claims through data localization requirements, content restrictions, and digital surveillance capabilities—a trend toward what some term 'digital sovereignty.' Simultaneously, private technology companies exercise quasi-governance functions regarding speech regulation, privacy standards, and digital identity systems, creating authority arrangements outside traditional sovereignty frameworks. Institutional innovations in this domain include multistakeholder governance bodies like the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), which incorporate governmental input alongside private sector and civil society participation. Transnational regulatory networks enable coordination among national agencies on issues like cybersecurity and digital competition policy, while private governance initiatives establish standards and practices that effectively function as regulation despite lacking sovereign authority. These varied experiences across issue areas suggest several promising pathways for reconciling sovereignty with effective transnational governance. First, the development of subsidiarity principles that allocate authority to different governance levels based on functional necessity rather than formal sovereignty claims. This approach recognizes sovereignty's continued importance while acknowledging that some challenges require governance at scales that transcend national boundaries. Second, the evolution of sovereignty concepts from absolute authority toward responsible exercise within a community of states. The Responsibility to Protect doctrine exemplifies this normative shift in the security domain, but similar reconceptualizations are occurring regarding environmental stewardship, public health obligations, and digital rights protection. These normative developments preserve sovereignty as an organizing principle while embedding it within frameworks of responsible governance and common interests. Third, the proliferation of flexible, adaptive governance arrangements that accommodate diverse national circumstances while establishing mechanisms for collective problem-solving. These include variable geometry approaches allowing different participation levels based on capacity and commitment; pledge-and-review systems that respect sovereign determination of commitments while creating transparency and accountability mechanisms; and experimentalist governance frameworks that facilitate learning and best-practice dissemination across jurisdictions. Fourth, the increasing incorporation of non-state actors into governance arrangements through formal consultation mechanisms, implementation partnerships, and delegated authority. These approaches recognize that effective governance often requires expertise and implementation capacity beyond state institutions, while potentially enhancing both input and output legitimacy of transnational governance arrangements. Looking forward, successful reconciliation between sovereignty and transnational governance will require continuing institutional experimentation rather than comprehensive constitutional settlements. Different issue areas will demand distinctive governance configurations reflecting varying degrees of interdependence, time horizons, and normative consensus. The resulting architecture will not represent a post-sovereign system but rather a more complex landscape in which sovereignty remains a fundamental organizing principle while being exercised within increasingly dense networks of transnational cooperation, shared norms, and multilevel governance arrangements.", "The relationship between state sovereignty and transnational governance represents one of the central tensions in contemporary international relations..."],
    hints: "Assess the evolving relationship between state sovereignty and transnational governance in addressing global challenges (climate change, migration, digital regulation), discussing institutional innovations and normative developments that might reconcile sovereignty with effective collective action.",
    expectedKeywords: ["sovereignty", "transnational governance", "climate change", "migration", "digital regulation", "institutional innovations", "normative developments", "collective action", "subsidiarity", "responsibility to protect", "multilevel governance", "legitimacy", "accountability", "multistakeholder", "Paris Agreement"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["state sovereignty", "transnational governance", "global challenges", "climate change", "migration governance", "digital regulation", "institutional innovations", "normative developments", "collective action", "subsidiarity principle", "multilevel governance", "legitimacy", "accountability mechanisms", "multistakeholder approach", "Paris Agreement"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your assessment of the sovereignty-governance relationship is exceptionally nuanced and well-reasoned. Let's now examine regional dynamics within the global system. How would you analyze the strategic competition in the Indo-Pacific region, particularly considering China's rising influence, the Quad's development as a strategic grouping, ASEAN's position, and implications for regional security architecture and economic integration? What scenarios might emerge from these complex regional dynamics?",
      partial: "You've raised important points about sovereignty and transnational governance. Could you expand your assessment by addressing more specifically how institutional innovations or normative developments might help reconcile traditional sovereignty concerns with effective collective action across different global challenges?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on assessing the evolving relationship between state sovereignty and transnational governance in addressing global challenges like climate change, migration, and digital regulation, and discussing what institutional innovations or normative developments might help reconcile traditional sovereignty concerns with effective collective action."
    }
  }, {
    id: 3,
    botMessage: "Your assessment of the sovereignty-governance relationship is exceptionally nuanced and well-reasoned. Let's now examine regional dynamics within the global system. How would you analyze the strategic competition in the Indo-Pacific region, particularly considering China's rising influence, the Quad's development as a strategic grouping, ASEAN's position, and implications for regional security architecture and economic integration? What scenarios might emerge from these complex regional dynamics?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The Indo-Pacific region represents the primary theater of strategic competition in the contemporary international system, characterized by China's multidimensional rise, the United States' strategic reorientation, middle power activism, and ASEAN's efforts to maintain its centrality amid great power rivalry. Analyzing this complex regional landscape requires examining the evolving security architecture, economic integration processes, and competing visions for regional order, while considering potential scenarios that might emerge from these interacting dynamics. China's regional strategy has evolved from Deng Xiaoping's dictum of 'hiding capabilities and biding time' toward Xi Jinping's more assertive pursuit of a 'community of common destiny.' This shift manifests across multiple dimensions: militarily through rapid force modernization and greater power projection capabilities, particularly in maritime domains; economically through the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) and efforts to establish China-centric supply chains; diplomatically through expanded institutional footprints in regional organizations; and normatively through more explicit challenges to aspects of the liberal order. China's approach blends bilateral asymmetric relationships with smaller neighbors, targeted engagement with regional institutions, and the development of parallel governance mechanisms like the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank—all designed to advance what Chinese strategists term 'comprehensive national power' while creating a more Sinocentric regional order. In response, the Quadrilateral Security Dialogue (Quad)—comprising the United States, Japan, India, and Australia—has evolved from preliminary consultations following the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami to an increasingly institutionalized grouping with a broadening agenda. The Quad represents more than traditional balancing against China; it reflects an effort to articulate an alternative vision for the region based on democratic governance, open economic arrangements, and established international norms. However, significant differences persist among Quad members regarding their strategic priorities, willingness to explicitly counter China, and preferred institutional architectures. Australia and Japan, as formal U.S. allies, generally align more closely with American positions, while India maintains strategic autonomy and resists formal alliance structures. These internal dynamics limit the Quad's cohesion while simultaneously allowing flexibility in addressing varied regional challenges. ASEAN occupies a distinctive position amid these competitive dynamics, seeking to maintain its 'centrality' in regional architecture while navigating the strategic competition between larger powers. ASEAN's approach has historically emphasized consensual decision-making, non-interference principles, and the development of concentric institutional arrangements that embed larger powers within ASEAN-centric forums like the East Asia Summit and ASEAN Regional Forum. This approach has preserved ASEAN's institutional role while creating dialogic spaces for managing regional tensions. However, China's rising influence, including economic leverage over mainland Southeast Asian states and territorial disputes with maritime Southeast Asian nations, increasingly strains ASEAN cohesion. The organization's consensus requirements often produce lowest-common-denominator outcomes, while member states pursue hedging strategies that balance economic engagement with China against security partnerships with external powers. The resulting regional security architecture reflects these complex interactions—neither a coherent alliance system nor a comprehensive security community, but rather an evolving patchwork comprising bilateral alliances (primarily U.S.-centered), minilateral groupings like the Quad, and multilateral institutions with varying memberships and mandates. This architecture generates both resilience through redundant institutional pathways and fragility through potential forum-shopping and coordination challenges. Economic integration follows similarly complex patterns, with competing visions embodied in frameworks ranging from the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP) to the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) and China's BRI. These arrangements differ significantly in their membership, depth of liberalization, regulatory standards, and underlying strategic logics—creating a varied landscape of economic regionalism rather than a coherent integrated system. From these interacting dynamics, several potential scenarios emerge for the region's future. First, a 'competitive coexistence' scenario would involve continued strategic rivalry between China and the Quad members, but constrained by economic interdependence, shared transnational challenges, and institutional mechanisms for conflict management. This scenario would feature ongoing competition for influence within existing regional institutions, parallel economic integration initiatives, and calibrated military modernization, without escalation to direct conflict. Second, a 'bloc formation' scenario would see the region divide more explicitly into competing groupings—a China-centered sphere encompassing parts of continental Southeast Asia and Central Asia, counterbalanced by a more cohesive coalition of maritime democracies. This scenario would involve more explicit economic decoupling, parallel technological ecosystems, and sharper ideological differentiation between competing visions for regional order. Third, a 'managed tension' scenario would feature greater institutionalization of security dialogues, confidence-building measures, and crisis management mechanisms that reduce escalation risks while tacitly acknowledging spheres of influence. This scenario might involve implicit understandings regarding Taiwan, maritime disputes, and regional military activities, alongside continued economic engagement within agreed parameters. Fourth, an 'acute crisis' scenario could emerge from miscalculation around flashpoints like Taiwan, the South China Sea, or the Korean Peninsula, potentially leading to direct military confrontation between major powers. This scenario would severely disrupt economic integration, force regional states into explicit alignment choices, and potentially fracture existing institutional architecture. The most likely trajectory involves elements of the 'competitive coexistence' scenario, with periods of heightened tension and selective cooperation across different issue areas. This reflects the region's deep economic interdependence, the presence of multiple influential actors beyond the U.S.-China dyad, and the institutional mechanisms available for managing strategic competition. However, the Indo-Pacific's future remains contingent upon several critical variables: leadership transitions in key countries, potential domestic political realignments, technological developments affecting military capabilities, and exogenous shocks from climate impacts or pandemic disease that could reshape regional priorities and relationships. For smaller and middle powers in the region, these dynamics necessitate sophisticated strategic hedging—maintaining economic engagement with China while diversifying partnerships, strengthening regional institutions to constrain great power behavior, developing limited deterrent capabilities, and preserving diplomatic flexibility amid deepening competition. The resulting regional order will likely remain characterized by overlapping institutional arrangements, complex patterns of cooperation and competition across different domains, and ongoing contestation over the fundamental organizing principles of regional relations.", "The Indo-Pacific region has emerged as the primary arena of strategic competition in the contemporary international system, with dynamics shaped by China's multidimensional rise, the United States' strategic reorientation, middle power activism, and ASEAN's efforts to maintain centrality amid intensifying great power rivalry. This complex regional landscape requires analysis across several dimensions: security architecture, economic integration pathways, competing normative visions, and the resulting scenarios that might emerge from these interacting forces. China's regional strategy has evolved significantly under Xi Jinping's leadership, moving beyond Deng Xiaoping's earlier approach of strategic patience toward more assertive pursuit of what Chinese officials term a 'community of shared future.' This shift manifests across multiple domains: militarily through accelerated force modernization and expanded power projection capabilities, particularly in maritime domains; economically through the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) and efforts to establish China-centric technology and supply chain networks; diplomatically through expanded institutional engagement; and normatively through more explicit articulation of alternatives to liberal international order principles. Beijing's approach combines bilateral relationships characterized by asymmetric interdependence with smaller neighbors, strategic partnerships with regional powers like Russia, targeted engagement with regional multilateral forums, and the development of parallel institutions that potentially bypass established Western-led arrangements. The Quadrilateral Security Dialogue (Quad) has emerged as the most significant countervailing arrangement to China's regional influence, evolving from informal consultations following the 2004 tsunami toward increasingly structured cooperation among the United States, Japan, India, and Australia. While deliberately avoiding characterization as a formal alliance or explicitly anti-China coalition, the Quad represents an effort to articulate an alternative vision for regional order based on democratic governance, transparent infrastructure development, open economic arrangements, and established international norms. The grouping has expanded beyond traditional security concerns to address issues including vaccine diplomacy, critical technology development, climate resilience, and infrastructure financing—reflecting a comprehensive approach to regional influence that parallels China's multidimensional strategy. However, significant differences persist among Quad members regarding their strategic priorities, risk tolerance regarding China relations, and preferred institutional architectures. Japan and Australia, as formal U.S. treaty allies, generally align more closely with American positions, while India maintains strategic autonomy ambitions and historical non-alignment principles that complicate deeper integration. These internal dynamics constrain the Quad's cohesion while simultaneously providing flexibility to address varied regional challenges through different configurations of cooperation. ASEAN occupies a distinctive position amid these competitive dynamics, seeking to preserve its 'centrality' in regional institutional architecture while navigating intensifying great power competition. ASEAN's approach emphasizes consensus-based decision-making, non-interference principles, and the development of concentric institutional arrangements that embed larger powers within ASEAN-led forums like the East Asia Summit, ASEAN Regional Forum, and ASEAN Defense Ministers' Meeting-Plus. This approach has historically served to maximize ASEAN's institutional relevance while creating spaces for managing tensions among larger powers. However, China's economic gravitational pull increasingly influences mainland Southeast Asian states like Cambodia, Laos, and Myanmar, while maritime Southeast Asian nations like Vietnam, Indonesia, and the Philippines navigate complex relations with Beijing shaped by territorial disputes and economic opportunity. These divergent positions increasingly strain ASEAN unity, with the organization's consensus requirements often producing minimal common positions on contentious issues like the South China Sea disputes. Simultaneously, individual ASEAN members pursue sophisticated hedging strategies that balance economic engagement with China against security partnerships with external powers including the United States, Japan, Australia, and India. The resulting regional security architecture reflects these complex interactions—neither a coherent alliance system nor a comprehensive security community, but rather an evolving patchwork comprising bilateral alliances (primarily U.S.-centered), minilateral groupings like the Quad, and multilateral institutions with varying memberships and mandates. This architecture generates both resilience through redundant institutional pathways and fragility through potential forum-shopping and coordination challenges. Economic integration follows similarly complex patterns, with competing frameworks including the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), and China's BRI. These arrangements differ significantly in their membership, depth of liberalization, regulatory standards, and underlying strategic logics—creating a varied landscape of economic regionalism rather than a singular integration trajectory. From these interacting dynamics, several potential scenarios emerge for the region's future. First, a 'competitive coexistence' scenario would involve continued strategic rivalry between China and the Quad members, but constrained by economic interdependence, shared transnational challenges, and institutional mechanisms for managing competition. This scenario would feature ongoing competition for influence within existing regional institutions, parallel economic integration initiatives, and military modernization without escalation to direct conflict. Second, a 'bloc formation' scenario would see the region divide more explicitly into competing groupings—a China-centered sphere encompassing parts of continental Southeast Asia and Central Asia, counterbalanced by a more cohesive coalition of maritime democracies. This scenario would involve accelerated economic decoupling, parallel technological ecosystems, and sharper ideological differentiation between competing regional visions. Third, a 'regional accommodation' scenario might emerge through negotiated understanding between major powers regarding spheres of influence, security parameters, and economic engagement rules. This scenario would likely feature greater institutionalization of security dialogues, confidence-building measures, and crisis management mechanisms. Fourth, an 'acute crisis' scenario could emerge from miscalculation regarding Taiwan, the South China Sea, the Korean Peninsula, or other regional flashpoints, potentially leading to direct military confrontation between major powers. This scenario would severely disrupt economic integration, force regional states into explicit alignment choices, and potentially fracture existing institutional architecture. The most likely trajectory involves elements of the 'competitive coexistence' scenario, with periods of heightened tension and selective cooperation across different issue areas. This reflects the region's deep economic interdependence, the presence of multiple influential actors beyond the U.S.-China dyad, and the institutional mechanisms available for managing strategic competition. For smaller and middle powers in the region, these dynamics necessitate sophisticated strategic hedging—maintaining economic engagement with China while diversifying partnerships, strengthening regional institutions to constrain great power behavior, developing limited deterrent capabilities, and preserving diplomatic flexibility amid deepening competition. The Indo-Pacific's future thus remains characterized by complex patterns of cooperation and competition across different domains, overlapping institutional arrangements, and ongoing contestation over the fundamental organizing principles of regional relations.", "The strategic landscape of the Indo-Pacific region represents the most consequential theater of geopolitical competition in the contemporary international system, with dynamics shaped by China's multidimensional rise, the United States' strategic reorientation, middle power activism, and ASEAN's efforts to maintain relevance amid great power rivalry. Analyzing this complex environment requires examining several interrelated dimensions: security architecture evolution, economic integration pathways, competing normative visions for regional order, and the potential scenarios emerging from these interactions. China's approach to the region has evolved significantly under Xi Jinping's leadership, moving from Deng Xiaoping's dictum of 'hiding capabilities and biding time' toward more assertive pursuit of what Chinese officials term a 'community of shared future.' This strategic shift manifests across multiple domains: militarily through rapid force modernization and expanded power projection capabilities, particularly in maritime domains; economically through the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) and efforts to establish China-centric technology and supply chain networks; diplomatically through expanded institutional engagement with regional organizations; and normatively through more explicit articulation of alternatives to liberal international order principles. China's approach combines bilateral relationships characterized by asymmetric interdependence with smaller neighbors, targeted engagement with regional multilateral forums, and the development of parallel institutions like the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank that potentially bypass established Western-led arrangements. The Quadrilateral Security Dialogue (Quad) has emerged as the most significant countervailing arrangement to China's regional influence, evolving from informal consultations into an increasingly structured strategic grouping comprising the United States, Japan, India, and Australia. While deliberately avoiding explicit characterization as an anti-China coalition, the Quad represents an effort to articulate an alternative vision for regional order based on democratic governance, transparent infrastructure development, open economic arrangements, and established international norms. The grouping has expanded beyond traditional security concerns to address issues including vaccine diplomacy, critical technology development, climate resilience, and infrastructure financing—reflecting a comprehensive approach that parallels China's multidimensional strategy. However, significant differences persist among Quad members regarding their strategic priorities, risk tolerance concerning China relations, and preferred institutional architectures. Japan and Australia, as formal U.S. treaty allies, generally align more closely with American positions, while India maintains strategic autonomy ambitions and historical non-alignment principles that complicate deeper integration. These internal dynamics constrain the Quad's cohesion while simultaneously providing flexibility to address varied regional challenges. ASEAN occupies a distinctive position amid these competitive dynamics, seeking to preserve its 'centrality' in regional institutional architecture while navigating intensifying great power competition. ASEAN's approach emphasizes consensus-based decision-making, non-interference principles, and the development of concentric institutional arrangements that embed larger powers within ASEAN-led forums like the East Asia Summit and ASEAN Regional Forum. This approach has historically served to maximize ASEAN's institutional relevance while creating spaces for managing tensions among larger powers. However, China's growing economic influence increasingly affects mainland Southeast Asian states like Cambodia and Laos, while maritime Southeast Asian nations like Vietnam, Indonesia, and the Philippines navigate complex relationships shaped by territorial disputes and economic opportunity. These divergent positions increasingly strain ASEAN unity, with the organization's consensus requirements often producing minimal common positions on contentious issues like the South China Sea. Simultaneously, individual ASEAN members pursue sophisticated hedging strategies that balance economic engagement with China against security partnerships with external powers. The resulting regional security architecture reflects these complex interactions—neither a coherent alliance system nor a comprehensive security community, but rather an evolving patchwork comprising bilateral alliances (primarily U.S.-centered), minilateral groupings like the Quad, and multilateral institutions with varying memberships and mandates. This architecture generates both resilience through redundant institutional pathways and fragility through potential forum-shopping and coordination challenges. Economic integration follows similarly complex patterns, with competing frameworks including the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), and China's BRI. These arrangements differ significantly in their membership, depth of liberalization, regulatory standards, and underlying strategic logics—creating a varied landscape of economic regionalism rather than a singular integration trajectory. From these interacting dynamics, several potential scenarios emerge for the region's future. First, a 'competitive coexistence' scenario would involve continued strategic rivalry between China and the Quad members, but constrained by economic interdependence, shared transnational challenges, and institutional mechanisms for managing competition. This scenario would feature ongoing competition for influence within existing regional institutions, parallel economic integration initiatives, and calibrated military modernization without escalation to direct conflict. Second, a 'bloc formation' scenario would see the region divide more explicitly into competing groupings—a China-centered sphere encompassing parts of continental Southeast Asia and Central Asia, counterbalanced by a more cohesive coalition of maritime democracies. This scenario would involve accelerated economic decoupling, parallel technological ecosystems, and sharper ideological differentiation between competing regional visions. Third, a 'regional accommodation' scenario might emerge through negotiated understanding between major powers regarding spheres of influence, security parameters, and economic engagement rules. This scenario would feature greater institutionalization of security dialogues, confidence-building measures, and crisis management mechanisms. Fourth, an 'acute crisis' scenario could emerge from miscalculation regarding Taiwan, the South China Sea, or the Korean Peninsula, potentially leading to direct military confrontation between major powers. This scenario would severely disrupt economic integration, force regional states into explicit alignment choices, and potentially fracture existing institutional architecture. The most likely trajectory involves elements of the 'competitive coexistence' scenario, with periods of heightened tension and selective cooperation across different issue areas. This reflects the region's deep economic interdependence, the presence of multiple influential actors beyond the U.S.-China dyad, and the institutional mechanisms available for managing strategic competition. The future regional order will likely remain characterized by overlapping institutional arrangements, complex patterns of cooperation and competition across different domains, and ongoing contestation over the fundamental organizing principles of Indo-Pacific relations."],
    hints: "Analyze the strategic competition in the Indo-Pacific region, examining China's rising influence, the Quad's development, ASEAN's position, and implications for regional security and economic integration, including potential future scenarios.",
    expectedKeywords: ["Indo-Pacific", "strategic competition", "China", "Quad", "ASEAN", "United States", "Japan", "India", "Australia", "Belt and Road Initiative", "South China Sea", "regional security architecture", "economic integration", "maritime", "scenarios", "balance of power"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your analysis of Indo-Pacific strategic dynamics demonstrates exceptional geopolitical understanding. Let's now turn to a more normative question: How would you evaluate humanitarian intervention as an international practice since the 1990s? Consider its evolution as a doctrine, key cases of both intervention and non-intervention, the tension between sovereignty and human protection norms, and the prospects for establishing more consistent principles to guide international responses to mass atrocities.",
      partial: "You've raised some important points about the Indo-Pacific strategic landscape. Could you develop your analysis further by addressing more specifically the implications of these dynamics for regional security architecture and economic integration, as well as potential scenarios that might emerge?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the strategic competition in the Indo-Pacific region, particularly considering China's rising influence, the Quad's development as a strategic grouping, ASEAN's position, and implications for regional security architecture and economic integration, including potential scenarios that might emerge."
    }
  }, {
    id: 4,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of Indo-Pacific strategic dynamics demonstrates exceptional geopolitical understanding. Let's now turn to a more normative question: How would you evaluate humanitarian intervention as an international practice since the 1990s? Consider its evolution as a doctrine, key cases of both intervention and non-intervention, the tension between sovereignty and human protection norms, and the prospects for establishing more consistent principles to guide international responses to mass atrocities.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Humanitarian intervention has evolved as both doctrine and practice since the 1990s, reflecting profound tensions between competing normative frameworks, practical constraints, and geopolitical considerations that have produced a pattern of inconsistent application. Evaluating this complex practice requires examining its conceptual evolution, analyzing key cases that have shaped international understanding, and assessing prospects for developing more consistent principles going forward. The conceptual foundation for humanitarian intervention emerged from the post-Cold War intersection of several developments: the expansion of human rights discourse, growing attention to civilian protection in conflict, and a moment of Western liberalism relatively unconstrained by traditional great power competition. This initial phase—exemplified by UN Secretary-General Boutros-Ghali's 'Agenda for Peace'—reflected optimism about a new international order where sovereignty might be conditioned on states' treatment of their populations. However, this conception immediately confronted implementation challenges, as the international community struggled to develop coherent criteria, decision-making processes, and operational approaches for humanitarian protection. The evolution from this initial formulation toward the more structured Responsibility to Protect (R2P) doctrine represented an effort to address these challenges by establishing clearer normative foundations and implementation parameters. R2P's innovation lay in reframing sovereignty as entailing responsibilities rather than merely rights, establishing a three-pillar approach emphasizing state responsibility, international assistance, and timely response, and articulating criteria for legitimate intervention including just cause, right intention, and proportional means. Despite achieving formal endorsement at the 2005 World Summit, R2P's implementation has remained deeply contested, with key powers maintaining divergent interpretations of both the doctrine itself and its application to specific cases. Key intervention cases reveal the doctrine's uneven development and application. The 1999 NATO intervention in Kosovo established a precedent for unauthorized humanitarian action yet exposed the legitimacy challenges arising from circumventing Security Council authorization. The 2011 Libya intervention initially appeared to demonstrate R2P's potential, receiving Security Council authorization for civilian protection, but subsequently generated significant controversy when the mission expanded toward regime change. This outcome reinforced skepticism among states like Russia and China regarding potential misuse of humanitarian justifications for geopolitical purposes, creating a more constrained environment for subsequent interventions. Just as revealing are cases of non-intervention, particularly Rwanda, Darfur, and Syria, where the international community failed to act effectively despite clear evidence of mass atrocities. These cases highlight how practical constraints—including military feasibility, political will, and resource limitations—interact with normative considerations to produce inaction even in the face of severe humanitarian crises. The inconsistency between intervention and non-intervention cases reflects not only practical challenges but fundamental normative tensions between sovereignty and human protection principles. While humanitarian intervention proponents emphasize universal human rights and the international community's responsibility toward vulnerable populations, sovereignty advocates stress the dangers of selective application, potential misuse for geopolitical purposes, and the importance of non-interference as a stabilizing principle in international relations. This normative contestation has intensified in the contemporary multipolar context, with emerging powers often viewing humanitarian intervention through post-colonial lenses as potentially reinforcing Western dominance rather than representing genuine human protection. The practice of humanitarian intervention reveals several consistent challenges that have undermined its coherent application. First, the tension between legality and legitimacy remains unresolved, with interventions often navigating between strict Charter interpretations requiring Security Council authorization and moral imperatives that may justify action when the Council is paralyzed. Second, determining appropriate thresholds for intervention continues to generate disagreement, with no consensus regarding what level of atrocities justifies overriding sovereignty norms. Third, interventions face persistent operational dilemmas regarding appropriate means, duration, and exit strategies, with cases like Libya highlighting the difficulty of maintaining limited protective missions without addressing underlying political contexts. Fourth, selective application based on geopolitical considerations rather than humanitarian need undermines the doctrine's legitimacy and reinforces perceptions of instrumental use by powerful states. Despite these challenges, several promising developments suggest possibilities for establishing more consistent principles moving forward. The Brazilian-proposed 'Responsibility while Protecting' concept emphasizes enhanced accountability, proportional means, and limiting mandate expansion during interventions. The French-Mexican initiative on restricting veto use in mass atrocity situations, though not formally adopted, reflects growing recognition of the need for Security Council reform to enable more consistent responses. The development of graduated measures short of military intervention—including targeted sanctions, accountability mechanisms, preventive diplomacy, and civilian protection missions—expands the toolkit available for addressing atrocity situations without immediately resorting to force. Looking forward, establishing more consistent principles for humanitarian intervention likely requires several complementary approaches. First, strengthening prevention mechanisms through early warning systems, preventive diplomacy, and addressing root causes of atrocities could reduce the need for reactive interventions. Second, developing clearer decision-making procedures with enhanced accountability and transparency requirements might address concerns about selective application and mission expansion. Third, building broader normative consensus would require engaging more systematically with non-Western perspectives on human protection and incorporating diverse cultural and regional approaches to managing humanitarian crises. Fourth, establishing graduated response protocols that prioritize non-military measures while maintaining military options as a last resort could create more predictable and proportionate international reactions to mass atrocity situations. While perfect consistency in humanitarian intervention practice remains elusive given the inherently political nature of international decision-making, incremental progress toward more principled approaches remains possible despite the constraints of contemporary geopolitical competition. The future of humanitarian intervention will likely involve continued navigation between sovereignty and human protection principles, with implementation shaped by both evolving normative understandings and the practical imperatives of preventing and responding to mass atrocities in an increasingly multipolar international system.", "Humanitarian intervention as an international practice since the 1990s presents a complex and contested evolution, reflecting fundamental tensions between competing normative frameworks, practical constraints, and geopolitical considerations. Evaluating this practice requires examining its doctrinal development, analyzing key intervention and non-intervention cases, and assessing prospects for establishing more consistent principles moving forward. Conceptually, humanitarian intervention has evolved from an emerging post-Cold War practice toward more formalized doctrinal articulation through the Responsibility to Protect (R2P) framework. The early 1990s represented a period of optimism regarding humanitarian protection, with interventions in northern Iraq, Somalia, and eventually Bosnia reflecting growing willingness to prioritize human security over strict sovereignty principles. This initial phase remained conceptually underdeveloped, however, with ad hoc justifications and inconsistent implementation. The International Commission on Intervention and State Sovereignty's 2001 formulation of R2P represented an effort to address these shortcomings by establishing a more coherent normative framework. R2P's primary innovation lay in reframing sovereignty as entailing responsibilities rather than merely rights, establishing a three-pillar approach emphasizing state responsibility, international assistance, and timely response, and articulating criteria for legitimate intervention including just cause, right intention, last resort, proportional means, and reasonable prospects. While achieving formal endorsement at the 2005 World Summit, R2P's implementation has remained deeply contested, with key powers maintaining divergent interpretations regarding both the doctrine itself and its application to specific contexts. Key intervention cases reveal the doctrine's uneven development and application across different contexts. The 1999 NATO intervention in Kosovo established a precedent for unauthorized humanitarian action while highlighting the legitimacy challenges arising from circumventing Security Council authorization—a tension captured in the Independent Commission's characterization of the operation as 'illegal but legitimate.' The 2011 Libya intervention initially appeared to demonstrate R2P's potential, receiving Security Council authorization through Resolution 1973 explicitly focused on civilian protection. However, the subsequent expansion toward regime change generated significant controversy and reinforced skepticism among states like Russia and China regarding potential misuse of humanitarian justifications for geopolitical purposes. This experience has significantly constrained subsequent intervention possibilities, particularly in Syria. Just as revealing are cases of non-intervention, where the international community failed to respond effectively despite clear evidence of mass atrocities. The 1994 Rwandan genocide represented a catastrophic failure to intervene despite available intelligence and feasible response options. The limited international response to mass atrocities in Darfur (2003-onwards) demonstrated how political constraints can undermine effective action even when situations are formally recognized as requiring protection. Most significantly, the Syrian civil war has exposed the limitations of humanitarian intervention mechanisms in contexts of great power disagreement and complex military environments—with devastating humanitarian consequences despite widespread recognition of government atrocities. These varying outcomes reflect not only practical challenges but fundamental normative tensions between sovereignty and human protection principles. While humanitarian intervention proponents emphasize universal human rights standards and the international community's responsibility toward vulnerable populations, sovereignty advocates stress the dangers of selective application, potential misuse for geopolitical purposes, and the importance of non-interference as a stabilizing principle in international relations. This normative contestation has intensified in the contemporary multipolar context, with emerging powers often viewing humanitarian intervention through post-colonial lenses as potentially reinforcing Western dominance rather than representing genuine human protection. The practice of humanitarian intervention reveals several consistent challenges that have undermined its coherent application. First, the tension between legality and legitimacy remains unresolved, with interventions often navigating between strict Charter interpretations requiring Security Council authorization and moral imperatives that may justify action when the Council is paralyzed. Second, determining appropriate thresholds for intervention continues to generate disagreement, with no consensus regarding what level of atrocities justifies overriding sovereignty norms. Third, interventions face persistent operational dilemmas regarding appropriate means, duration, and exit strategies, with cases like Libya highlighting the difficulty of maintaining limited protective missions without addressing underlying political contexts. Fourth, selective application based on strategic considerations rather than humanitarian need undermines the doctrine's legitimacy and reinforces perceptions of instrumental use by powerful states. Despite these challenges, several promising developments suggest possibilities for establishing more consistent principles. The Brazilian-proposed 'Responsibility while Protecting' concept emphasizes enhanced accountability, proportional means, and limiting mandate expansion during interventions. The French initiative on restricting veto use in mass atrocity situations, though not formally adopted, reflects growing recognition of the need for Security Council reform to enable more consistent responses. The development of graduated measures short of military intervention—including targeted sanctions, accountability mechanisms, preventive diplomacy, and civilian protection missions—expands the toolkit available for addressing atrocity situations without immediately resorting to force. Looking forward, establishing more consistent principles for humanitarian intervention likely requires several complementary approaches. First, strengthening prevention mechanisms through early warning systems, preventive diplomacy, and addressing root causes of atrocities could reduce the need for reactive interventions. Second, developing clearer decision-making procedures with enhanced accountability and transparency requirements might address concerns about selective application and mission expansion. Third, building broader normative consensus would require engaging more systematically with non-Western perspectives on human protection and incorporating diverse cultural and regional approaches to managing humanitarian crises. Perfect consistency in humanitarian intervention practice remains elusive given the inherently political nature of international decision-making. However, incremental progress toward more principled approaches remains possible through continued normative development, institutional innovation, and practical improvements in implementation strategies—even amid the constraints of contemporary geopolitical competition.", "Humanitarian intervention as an international practice since the 1990s presents a complex and contested evolution..."],
    hints: "Evaluate humanitarian intervention as an international practice since the 1990s, analyzing its doctrinal evolution, key intervention and non-intervention cases, tensions between sovereignty and human protection norms, and prospects for more consistent principles.",
    expectedKeywords: ["humanitarian intervention", "Responsibility to Protect", "R2P", "sovereignty", "human rights", "Kosovo", "Libya", "Syria", "Rwanda", "Security Council", "authorization", "selective application", "prevention", "accountability", "legitimacy", "legality"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["humanitarian intervention", "Responsibility to Protect (R2P)", "sovereignty norm", "human protection", "Kosovo intervention", "Libya intervention", "Syrian civil war", "Rwandan genocide", "Security Council authorization", "selective application", "prevention mechanisms", "accountability", "legitimacy", "legality", "threshold criteria", "normative tension"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation of humanitarian intervention demonstrates remarkable normative and empirical understanding. For our final question, let's focus on the intersection of technology and international relations: How is the rapid advancement of artificial intelligence reshaping global power dynamics, security considerations, and governance challenges? What international cooperation mechanisms might be necessary to manage AI's transformative impacts while addressing concerns about technological sovereignty and ethical deployment?",
      partial: "You've provided some thoughtful insights on humanitarian intervention. Could you further develop your evaluation by addressing more specifically the tension between sovereignty and human protection norms, as well as the prospects for establishing more consistent principles to guide international responses to mass atrocities?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating humanitarian intervention as an international practice since the 1990s, particularly considering its evolution as a doctrine, key cases of both intervention and non-intervention, the tension between sovereignty and human protection norms, and the prospects for establishing more consistent principles to guide international responses to mass atrocities."
    }
  }, {
    id: 5,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation of humanitarian intervention demonstrates remarkable normative and empirical understanding. For our final question, let's focus on the intersection of technology and international relations: How is the rapid advancement of artificial intelligence reshaping global power dynamics, security considerations, and governance challenges? What international cooperation mechanisms might be necessary to manage AI's transformative impacts while addressing concerns about technological sovereignty and ethical deployment?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Artificial intelligence represents a transformative technology that is fundamentally reshaping global power dynamics, security considerations, and governance challenges in ways that necessitate novel international cooperation mechanisms. As AI capabilities rapidly advance, they are altering traditional conceptions of power, creating new security vulnerabilities, and generating governance challenges that transcend national boundaries while simultaneously intensifying competition for technological advantage. The impact of AI on global power dynamics manifests across multiple dimensions. Most fundamentally, AI represents a general-purpose technology with applications across economic, military, and governance domains—potentially altering the comprehensive national power of states based on their ability to develop, deploy, and regulate these technologies. Unlike previous technological revolutions that primarily enhanced material capabilities, AI may transform the nature of decision-making itself by augmenting or potentially replacing human judgment in increasingly complex domains. This creates a power differential not merely in capabilities but in the speed and quality of decision cycles across the diplomatic, informational, military, and economic instruments of statecraft. The concentration of advanced AI capabilities within a limited number of states and corporations raises profound questions about digital sovereignty, technological dependence, and the emergence of new hierarchies within the international system. The United States and China have emerged as the primary AI competitors, with substantial advantages in critical inputs including computing infrastructure, data resources, research talent, and commercial applications. This emergent 'AI bipolarity' exists alongside significant capabilities in specialized domains from countries like Israel, the United Kingdom, and South Korea, creating a complex landscape of AI power distribution. For developing nations, the risk of being relegated to technological dependency raises concerns about digital colonialism and perpetuation of existing global inequalities. Meanwhile, the private sector's central role in AI development creates novel governance challenges, as corporations possessing advanced capabilities may exercise forms of power traditionally associated with states while operating across jurisdictional boundaries. In the security domain, AI applications are transforming military capabilities, intelligence practices, and strategic stability in ways that may fundamentally alter the character of conflict. Military applications range from autonomous weapons systems and swarm tactics to enhanced command-and-control systems and predictive intelligence analysis. These capabilities may compress decision timeframes, increase battlefield tempo, and potentially lower thresholds for conflict by reducing human costs for technologically advanced states. Moreover, AI enhances cyber operations through automated vulnerability discovery, sophisticated social engineering, and defense evasion capabilities—potentially exacerbating asymmetric capabilities in this domain. The dual-use nature of many AI technologies complicates traditional arms control approaches, as the same underlying techniques can have both civilian and military applications, making restrictions on development or transfer particularly challenging. Perhaps most concerning from a security perspective are potential impacts on strategic stability. AI applications in nuclear command, control, and communication systems could introduce new vulnerabilities while simultaneously creating pressures for accelerated decision-making during crises. Advanced early warning systems enhanced by AI might increase first-mover advantages, while automated decision support systems could introduce unforeseen behaviors during critical interactions between nuclear powers. These developments necessitate renewed attention to confidence-building measures, crisis communication channels, and mutual vulnerability frameworks adapted for the AI era. Beyond traditional security concerns, AI generates novel governance challenges across economic, social, and normative dimensions. Economically, AI-driven automation may fundamentally reshape global value chains, labor markets, and comparative advantages between states. The concentration of benefits from AI deployment could exacerbate both international and domestic inequalities without appropriate governance mechanisms to ensure wider distribution of productivity gains. Socially, AI-enabled information operations, deepfakes, and synthetic media capabilities create unprecedented challenges for democratic discourse, media ecosystems, and societal resilience. Normatively, divergent approaches to AI ethics, privacy standards, and human autonomy across different cultural and political contexts complicate efforts to establish global governance frameworks. The development of effective international cooperation mechanisms to address these challenges must navigate several fundamental tensions. First, competition for technological advantage creates incentives for regulatory arbitrage, data hoarding, and talent concentration that run counter to cooperative governance. Second, legitimate differences in normative preferences regarding privacy, autonomy, and acceptable applications complicate the establishment of universal standards. Third, significant asymmetries in technological capabilities raise questions about representation and equity in governance arrangements. Despite these tensions, several promising governance approaches are emerging. First, domain-specific regulatory cooperation focusing on particular applications or risks rather than AI in general may prove more tractable than comprehensive governance frameworks. Examples include emerging work on autonomous weapons systems through the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons, discussions of algorithmic transparency in financial regulation, and potential confidence-building measures regarding military AI applications. Second, multi-stakeholder governance arrangements incorporating industry, civil society, technical experts, and governments provide necessary expertise while addressing the private sector's central role in AI development. The Global Partnership on AI represents an early effort in this direction, though questions regarding enforcement capacity and legitimacy remain. Third, technical standards and interoperability frameworks developed through bodies like the IEEE and ISO offer promising avenues for ensuring safety, security, and ethical considerations are incorporated into AI systems from the design phase. Fourth, bilateral and minilateral cooperation among technologically advanced states could establish initial norms that might subsequently expand to broader multilateral frameworks. The EU-U.S. Trade and Technology Council represents one such forum for alignment among like-minded democracies, though inclusion of China and other non-Western AI powers remains essential for truly effective governance. Looking forward, effective international cooperation will likely require a layered governance architecture combining technical standards-setting, sector-specific regulations, confidence-building measures in security domains, and overarching ethical frameworks—all while preserving sufficient space for beneficial innovation and legitimate normative diversity. This approach acknowledges that no single governance mechanism can address the multifaceted challenges AI presents while recognizing the necessity of cooperation despite ongoing strategic competition. The international community faces a critical window for establishing foundational governance frameworks before technological development, commercial deployment, and security applications advance beyond effective regulation. Successfully navigating this period requires balancing innovation with precaution, national interests with global concerns, and technological sovereignty with necessary cooperation—a complex challenge that will significantly shape international relations in the coming decades.", "Artificial intelligence represents a transformative technology that is fundamentally reshaping global power dynamics, security considerations, and governance challenges in ways that demand innovative international cooperation mechanisms. As AI capabilities rapidly advance, they are altering traditional conceptions of power, creating novel security vulnerabilities, and generating governance challenges that transcend national boundaries while simultaneously intensifying competition for technological advantage. The impact of AI on global power dynamics operates across multiple dimensions. Most fundamentally, AI constitutes a general-purpose technology with applications spanning economic, military, and governance domains—potentially reconfiguring comprehensive national power based on states' capacity to develop, deploy, and regulate these technologies. Unlike previous technological revolutions that primarily enhanced material capabilities, AI may transform decision-making processes themselves by augmenting or potentially replacing human judgment in increasingly complex domains. This creates power differentials not merely in capabilities but in the speed and quality of decision cycles across diplomatic, informational, military, and economic instruments of statecraft. The current global distribution of AI capabilities reveals an emerging bipolarity between the United States and China, both possessing substantial advantages in critical inputs including computing infrastructure, data resources, research talent, and commercial applications. This core competition exists alongside significant capabilities in specialized domains from countries like the United Kingdom, Israel, Canada, and France, creating a complex landscape of AI power distribution. For developing nations, the risk of relegation to technological dependency raises concerns about digital colonialism and perpetuation of existing global inequalities. Meanwhile, the private sector's central role in AI development creates novel governance challenges, as corporations possessing advanced capabilities may exercise forms of power traditionally associated with states while operating across jurisdictional boundaries. In the security domain, AI applications are transforming military capabilities, intelligence practices, and strategic stability in ways that may fundamentally alter conflict dynamics. Military applications range from autonomous weapons systems and swarm tactics to enhanced command-and-control systems and predictive intelligence analysis. These capabilities may compress decision timeframes, increase battlefield tempo, and potentially lower thresholds for conflict by reducing human costs for technologically advanced states. Moreover, AI enhances cyber operations through automated vulnerability discovery, sophisticated social engineering, and defense evasion capabilities—potentially exacerbating asymmetric threats in this domain. The dual-use nature of many AI technologies complicates traditional arms control approaches, as the same underlying techniques can have both civilian and military applications, making restrictions on development or transfer particularly challenging. Of particular concern from a security perspective are potential impacts on strategic stability. AI applications in nuclear command, control, and communication systems could introduce new vulnerabilities while simultaneously creating pressures for accelerated decision-making during crises. Advanced early warning systems enhanced by AI might increase first-mover advantages, while automated decision support systems could introduce unforeseen behaviors during critical interactions between nuclear powers. These developments necessitate renewed attention to confidence-building measures, crisis communication channels, and mutual vulnerability frameworks adapted for the AI era. Beyond traditional security concerns, AI generates novel governance challenges across economic, social, and normative dimensions. Economically, AI-driven automation may fundamentally reshape global value chains, labor markets, and comparative advantages between states. The concentration of benefits from AI deployment could exacerbate both international and domestic inequalities without appropriate governance mechanisms to ensure wider distribution of productivity gains. Socially, AI-enabled information operations, deepfakes, and synthetic media capabilities create unprecedented challenges for democratic discourse, media ecosystems, and social cohesion. Normatively, divergent approaches to AI ethics, privacy standards, and human autonomy across different cultural and political contexts complicate efforts to establish global governance frameworks. The development of effective international cooperation mechanisms to address these challenges must navigate several fundamental tensions. First, competition for technological advantage creates incentives for regulatory arbitrage, data hoarding, and talent concentration that run counter to cooperative governance. Second, legitimate differences in normative preferences regarding privacy, autonomy, and acceptable applications complicate the establishment of universal standards. Third, significant asymmetries in technological capabilities raise questions about representation and equity in governance arrangements. Despite these tensions, several promising governance approaches are emerging. First, domain-specific regulatory cooperation focusing on particular applications or risks rather than AI in general may prove more tractable than comprehensive governance frameworks. Examples include emerging work on autonomous weapons systems through the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons, discussions of algorithmic transparency in financial regulation, and potential confidence-building measures regarding military AI applications. Second, multi-stakeholder governance arrangements incorporating industry, civil society, technical experts, and governments provide necessary expertise while addressing the private sector's central role in AI development. The Global Partnership on AI represents an early effort in this direction, though questions regarding enforcement capacity and legitimacy remain. Third, technical standards and interoperability frameworks developed through bodies like the IEEE and ISO offer promising avenues for ensuring safety, security, and ethical considerations are incorporated into AI systems from the design phase. Fourth, bilateral and minilateral cooperation among technologically advanced states could establish initial norms that might subsequently expand to broader multilateral frameworks. The US-EU Trade and Technology Council represents one such forum for alignment among like-minded democracies, though inclusion of China and other non-Western AI powers remains essential for truly effective governance. Looking forward, effective international cooperation will likely require a layered governance architecture combining technical standards-setting, sector-specific regulations, confidence-building measures in security domains, and overarching ethical frameworks—all while preserving sufficient space for beneficial innovation and legitimate normative diversity. This approach acknowledges that no single governance mechanism can address the multifaceted challenges AI presents while recognizing the necessity of cooperation despite ongoing strategic competition. The international community faces a critical window for establishing foundational governance frameworks before technological development, commercial deployment, and security applications advance beyond effective regulation. Successfully navigating this period requires balancing innovation with precaution, national interests with global concerns, and technological sovereignty with necessary cooperation—a complex challenge that will significantly shape international relations in the coming decades.", "Artificial intelligence represents a transformative technology that is fundamentally reshaping global power dynamics, security considerations, and governance challenges in ways that necessitate novel international cooperation mechanisms. As AI capabilities rapidly advance, they are altering traditional conceptions of power, creating new vulnerabilities, and generating governance challenges that transcend national boundaries while simultaneously intensifying competition for technological advantage. The impact of AI on global power dynamics manifests across multiple dimensions. Most fundamentally, AI constitutes a general-purpose technology with applications spanning economic, military, and governance domains—potentially reconfiguring comprehensive national power based on states' capacity to develop, deploy, and regulate advanced AI systems. Unlike previous technological revolutions that primarily enhanced material capabilities, AI may transform the nature of decision-making itself by augmenting or potentially replacing human judgment in increasingly complex domains. This creates a power differential not merely in capabilities but in the speed and quality of decision cycles across diplomatic, informational, military, and economic instruments of statecraft. The current distribution of AI capabilities reveals an emerging bipolarity between the United States and China, both possessing substantial advantages in critical inputs including computing infrastructure, data resources, research talent, and commercial applications. These two AI superpowers maintain significant leads in foundational research, computational resources, and application development, while exercising considerable influence over global technology standards and governance frameworks. This core competition exists alongside significant capabilities in specialized domains from countries like the United Kingdom, Israel, South Korea, and select European states, creating a complex landscape of AI power distribution. For developing nations, the risk of relegation to technological dependency raises profound concerns about digital colonialism and perpetuation of existing global inequalities. Meanwhile, the private sector's central role in AI development creates novel governance challenges, as corporations possessing advanced capabilities may exercise forms of power traditionally associated with states while operating across jurisdictional boundaries. In the security domain, AI applications are transforming military capabilities, intelligence practices, and strategic stability in ways that may fundamentally alter conflict dynamics. Military applications span autonomous weapons systems, swarm tactics, enhanced command-and-control systems, predictive intelligence analysis, and logistics optimization. These capabilities may compress decision timeframes, increase battlefield tempo, and potentially lower thresholds for conflict by reducing human costs for technologically advanced states. Moreover, AI enhances cyber operations through automated vulnerability discovery, sophisticated social engineering, and defense evasion capabilities—potentially exacerbating asymmetric threats in this domain. The dual-use nature of many AI technologies complicates traditional arms control approaches, as the same underlying techniques can have both civilian and military applications, making restrictions on development or transfer particularly challenging. Of particular concern from a security perspective are potential impacts on strategic stability. AI applications in nuclear command, control, and communication systems could introduce new vulnerabilities while simultaneously creating pressures for accelerated decision-making during crises. Advanced early warning systems enhanced by AI might increase first-mover advantages, while automated decision support systems could introduce unforeseen behaviors during critical interactions between nuclear powers. These developments necessitate renewed attention to confidence-building measures, crisis communication channels, and mutual vulnerability frameworks adapted for the AI era. Beyond traditional security concerns, AI generates novel governance challenges across economic, social, and normative dimensions. Economically, AI-driven automation may fundamentally reshape global value chains, labor markets, and comparative advantages between states. The concentration of benefits from AI deployment could exacerbate both international and domestic inequalities without appropriate governance mechanisms to ensure wider distribution of productivity gains. Socially, AI-enabled information operations, deepfakes, and synthetic media capabilities create unprecedented challenges for democratic discourse, media ecosystems, and social cohesion across societies. Normatively, divergent approaches to AI ethics, privacy standards, and human autonomy across different cultural and political contexts complicate efforts to establish global governance frameworks. The development of effective international cooperation mechanisms to address these challenges must navigate several fundamental tensions. First, competition for technological advantage creates incentives for regulatory arbitrage, data hoarding, and talent concentration that run counter to cooperative governance. Second, legitimate differences in normative preferences regarding privacy, autonomy, and acceptable applications complicate the establishment of universal standards. Third, significant asymmetries in technological capabilities raise questions about representation and equity in governance arrangements. Despite these tensions, several promising governance approaches are emerging. First, domain-specific regulatory cooperation focusing on particular applications or risks rather than AI in general may prove more tractable than comprehensive governance frameworks. Examples include emerging work on autonomous weapons systems through the Convention on Certain Conventional Weapons, discussions of algorithmic transparency in financial regulation, and potential confidence-building measures regarding military AI applications. Second, multi-stakeholder governance arrangements incorporating industry, civil society, technical experts, and governments provide necessary expertise while addressing the private sector's central role in AI development. The Global Partnership on AI represents an early effort in this direction, though questions regarding enforcement capacity and legitimacy remain. Third, technical standards and interoperability frameworks developed through bodies like the IEEE and ISO offer promising avenues for ensuring safety, security, and ethical considerations are incorporated into AI systems from the design phase. Fourth, bilateral and minilateral cooperation among technologically advanced states could establish initial norms that might subsequently expand to broader multilateral frameworks. The EU-US Trade and Technology Council represents one such forum for alignment among like-minded democracies, though inclusion of China and other non-Western AI powers remains essential for truly effective governance. Looking forward, effective international cooperation will likely require a layered governance architecture combining technical standards-setting, sector-specific regulations, confidence-building measures in security domains, and overarching ethical frameworks—all while preserving sufficient space for beneficial innovation and legitimate normative diversity. This approach acknowledges that no single governance mechanism can address the multifaceted challenges AI presents while recognizing the necessity of cooperation despite ongoing strategic competition. The international community faces a critical window for establishing foundational governance frameworks before technological development, commercial deployment, and security applications advance beyond effective regulation. Successfully navigating this period requires balancing innovation with precaution, national interests with global concerns, and technological sovereignty with necessary cooperation—a complex challenge that will significantly shape international relations in the coming decades."],
    hints: "Analyze how AI is reshaping global power dynamics, security considerations, and governance challenges, and discuss what international cooperation mechanisms might manage AI's impacts while addressing technological sovereignty and ethical concerns.",
    expectedKeywords: ["artificial intelligence", "global power", "security", "governance", "international cooperation", "technological sovereignty", "ethical deployment", "United States", "China", "bipolarity", "autonomous weapons", "strategic stability", "multi-stakeholder", "regulation", "standards", "norms"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that insightful analysis of AI's impact on international relations. Your discussion throughout this seminar has demonstrated exceptional mastery of complex geopolitical concepts and sophisticated analytical abilities. You've shown remarkable skill in evaluating competing theoretical frameworks, articulating nuanced policy positions, and communicating diplomatic considerations with precision and cultural sensitivity. This concludes our advanced seminar on international relations.",
      partial: "You've raised some important points about AI's international implications. Could you expand your analysis by addressing more specifically how AI is reshaping global power dynamics and security considerations, as well as what international cooperation mechanisms might be necessary to manage AI's impacts while addressing concerns about technological sovereignty and ethical deployment?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing how the rapid advancement of artificial intelligence is reshaping global power dynamics, security considerations, and governance challenges, and what international cooperation mechanisms might be necessary to manage AI's transformative impacts while addressing concerns about technological sovereignty and ethical deployment."
    }
  }],
  completionMessage: "Congratulations! You've successfully completed the International Relations scenario, demonstrating exceptional mastery of complex geopolitical concepts and communication skills. Your responses showed sophisticated understanding of global power dynamics, ability to analyze multifaceted international issues, and skill in articulating nuanced policy positions with remarkable precision and cultural sensitivity. You effectively employed specialized diplomatic vocabulary and complex grammatical structures appropriate for high-level discourse in international affairs. This exercise showcased your ability to evaluate competing theoretical frameworks, consider diverse perspectives, and communicate complex geopolitical considerations with exceptional fluency—all essential skills for mastery-level English communication in advanced international contexts.",
  learningObjectives: ["Demonstrate mastery of complex geopolitical concepts and terminology", "Analyze multifaceted global issues with sophisticated understanding", "Evaluate competing theoretical frameworks in international relations", "Articulate nuanced policy positions with precise language", "Communicate diplomatic considerations with cultural sensitivity", "Synthesize information across different international domains", "Consider diverse regional and cultural perspectives", "Structure complex geopolitical arguments with logical progression"],
  grammar: {
    points: ["Complex sentences with multiple subordinate clauses for sophisticated policy analysis", "Advanced conditional structures for scenario development and hypothetical situations", "Precise use of diplomatic and hedging language for political sensitivity", "Complex noun phrases with specialized geopolitical modifiers", "Nuanced transitional expressions for building complex arguments", "Varied connectives for developing sophisticated analytical structures", "Accurate use of modal verbs for expressing policy possibilities and necessities"]
  }
};
var _default = exports.default = internationalRelations;
//# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,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