4e1b2e2036c3ad541ea42a6a3878f8e1
Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", {
  value: true
});
exports.default = void 0;
function cov_xzduzt9nt() {
  var path = "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C1\\scenarios\\ethicalDilemma.js";
  var hash = "d500ab1079be129126506315e1d8a3c1434d1302";
  var global = new Function("return this")();
  var gcv = "__coverage__";
  var coverageData = {
    path: "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C1\\scenarios\\ethicalDilemma.js",
    statementMap: {
      "0": {
        start: {
          line: 3,
          column: 23
        },
        end: {
          line: 187,
          column: 1
        }
      }
    },
    fnMap: {},
    branchMap: {},
    s: {
      "0": 0
    },
    f: {},
    b: {},
    _coverageSchema: "1a1c01bbd47fc00a2c39e90264f33305004495a9",
    hash: "d500ab1079be129126506315e1d8a3c1434d1302"
  };
  var coverage = global[gcv] || (global[gcv] = {});
  if (!coverage[path] || coverage[path].hash !== hash) {
    coverage[path] = coverageData;
  }
  var actualCoverage = coverage[path];
  {
    cov_xzduzt9nt = function () {
      return actualCoverage;
    };
  }
  return actualCoverage;
}
cov_xzduzt9nt();
var ethicalDilemma = (cov_xzduzt9nt().s[0]++, {
  id: 6,
  title: "Ethical Dilemma",
  level: "C1",
  description: "Analyze and navigate a complex ethical dilemma, demonstrating sophisticated reasoning, consideration of multiple perspectives, balancing of competing ethical principles, and articulation of a nuanced position with appropriate professional and philosophical vocabulary.",
  estimatedTime: "30-35 minutes",
  vocabulary: ["ethical framework", "moral obligation", "deontological", "consequentialist", "virtue ethics", "utilitarianism", "moral agency", "stakeholder", "implicit bias", "transparency", "accountability", "normative", "fiduciary duty", "conflict of interest", "ethical implications", "moral hazard", "beneficence", "autonomy", "ethical calculus", "proportionality"],
  steps: [{
    id: 1,
    botMessage: "Welcome to our ethics committee meeting. Today, we're discussing a challenging case involving NewLife Pharmaceuticals. The company has developed a potentially life-saving drug for a rare childhood disease. Clinical trials show 80% effectiveness, but also revealed rare but serious side effects in 5% of patients, including permanent neurological damage. The company wants to expedite approval through a compassionate use program, bypassing some standard safety protocols. As our committee's bioethics consultant, could you analyze the key ethical dimensions of this case and identify the primary ethical tensions at play?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["This case presents several interrelated ethical dimensions that create significant tensions between competing moral principles. The primary ethical dimensions include patient welfare, autonomy and informed consent, scientific integrity, regulatory responsibilities, and corporate ethics. First, regarding patient welfare, there's a fundamental tension between beneficence (providing potentially life-saving treatment to children with limited options) and non-maleficence (avoiding harm through serious side effects). The 80% efficacy rate suggests substantial potential benefit, but the 5% risk of permanent neurological damage represents a significant harm. This creates a challenging risk-benefit calculation complicated by the vulnerability of the patient population and the fatal nature of the disease without intervention. Second, the dimension of autonomy and informed consent raises questions about who should make risk assessments. Parents of terminally ill children face extraordinary emotional pressures that may impact their capacity to evaluate risks objectively. Yet respecting autonomy typically requires allowing individuals (or their guardians) to make informed choices about acceptable risks, particularly in life-threatening situations. The expedited approval process may compromise the quality of information available for these decisions, potentially undermining truly informed consent. Third, scientific integrity is at stake in the proposal to bypass standard safety protocols. The scientific process typically demands rigorous validation before widespread implementation, yet this methodology developed precisely because earlier, less structured approaches led to harmful outcomes. Expediting approval may undermine the epistemological foundations that give us confidence in medical interventions. Fourth, regulatory frameworks embody societal judgments about appropriate balances between access and safety. Regulatory bodies have fiduciary responsibilities to protect vulnerable populations while enabling medical advances. The compassionate use pathway exists precisely for scenarios like this one, yet was designed as an exception rather than a replacement for standard evaluation. Finally, corporate ethics come into play regarding NewLife's motivations and responsibilities. While developing treatments for rare diseases is commendable, expedited approval could create market advantages and reduced liability that might incentivize bypassing important safeguards. The company has obligations to shareholders but also broader responsibilities to patients and public health. The central ethical tension emerges at the intersection of these dimensions: how to balance immediate access for children who may die waiting for full approval processes against the risks of insufficient safety data and the potential undermining of systems designed to protect current and future patients. This case exemplifies the tragic dilemma where both action and inaction carry significant ethical costs, requiring us to weigh competing goods rather than simply identifying a single correct approach.", "This case presents a multifaceted ethical dilemma involving several interrelated dimensions. I'll analyze the key ethical aspects and identify the primary tensions that make this situation particularly challenging. The first critical dimension concerns beneficence versus non-maleficence—the tension between providing potentially life-saving treatment and avoiding harm. With an 80% efficacy rate, the drug offers substantial hope for children facing a fatal disease. However, the 5% risk of permanent neurological damage represents a significant potential harm. This tension is heightened by the vulnerable nature of the patient population—children who cannot consent for themselves—and the terminal nature of the condition, which fundamentally alters the traditional risk-benefit calculation. The second key dimension involves questions of autonomy, informed consent, and paternalism. Respecting autonomy would typically favor allowing patients (or in this case, their parents as proxies) to make informed decisions about acceptable risks, particularly in life-threatening situations. However, several factors complicate this principle: the emotional duress facing parents of terminally ill children may impact decision-making capacity; the expedited approval process may limit the quality of information available; and society typically imposes additional protective measures for vulnerable populations like children. The third dimension concerns procedural justice and the integrity of regulatory systems. Standard safety protocols evolved specifically because historical examples demonstrated that inadequate testing led to significant harms. Bypassing these standards raises questions about whether exceptions undermine the very purpose of having regulatory frameworks. Yet these systems were also designed with some flexibility, recognizing that terminal conditions may warrant different risk thresholds. The fourth dimension relates to distributive justice and resource allocation. The compassionate use program would make the treatment available to some patients, but potentially with inequitable access based on factors like physician connections, geographical location, or parental advocacy skills rather than medical need. This raises concerns about fairness in distribution of both benefits and risks. Finally, there are questions of institutional and corporate ethics. NewLife has obligations to multiple stakeholders—patients, shareholders, the scientific community, and society broadly. Their push for expedited approval could reflect genuine humanitarian concern, but could also be influenced by commercial interests, creating potential conflicts between profit motives and patient welfare. The central ethical tension in this case emerges from the confluence of these dimensions: how to balance immediate, potentially life-saving access for children who may not survive a full approval process against the risks of insufficient safety data and the potential undermining of systems designed to protect current and future patients. This represents a tragic dilemma where both action and inaction carry significant ethical costs, rather than a simple matter of identifying right versus wrong.", "This case presents multiple interconnected ethical dimensions that create significant tensions between competing moral principles and stakeholder interests. I'll analyze the key dimensions and identify the primary ethical tensions at play. First, there's the fundamental tension between beneficence and non-maleficence. The drug's 80% efficacy represents substantial potential benefit for children with a rare fatal disease, offering hope where limited alternatives exist. However, the 5% risk of permanent neurological damage constitutes a significant potential harm. This creates a challenging ethical calculus that must weigh the certain harm of non-treatment against the probabilistic harm of treatment complications. This calculation is further complicated by the vulnerability of the patient population—children who cannot consent for themselves—and the terminal nature of the condition, which fundamentally alters how we might evaluate acceptable risks. Second, there are important considerations around autonomy, informed consent, and paternalism. Respecting autonomy would typically favor allowing parents, as appropriate proxies, to make informed decisions about acceptable risks for their children, particularly in life-threatening situations. However, several factors complicate this principle: parents of terminally ill children face extraordinary emotional pressure that may impact their capacity to evaluate risks objectively; the expedited approval process may compromise the quality of information available for truly informed decisions; and society generally imposes additional protective measures for vulnerable populations like children. Third, the case raises issues of procedural justice and regulatory integrity. Standard safety protocols evolved specifically because historical examples demonstrated that inadequate testing led to significant patient harms. Bypassing these standards raises questions about whether exceptions, even for compassionate reasons, undermine the foundational purpose of having regulatory frameworks. Yet these systems were also designed with some flexibility, recognizing that terminal conditions may warrant modified risk thresholds. Fourth, there are considerations of distributive justice and equitable access. The compassionate use program would make the treatment available to some patients, but potentially with inequitable distribution based on factors like physician awareness, geographical location, or parental advocacy skills rather than medical need. This raises concerns about fairness in the distribution of both benefits and risks. Finally, there are questions of institutional ethics and conflicts of interest. NewLife has obligations to multiple stakeholders—patients, shareholders, the scientific community, and broader society. Their push for expedited approval could reflect genuine humanitarian concern, but could also be influenced by commercial interests, creating potential tensions between profit motives and patient welfare. The primary ethical tension emerges from the intersection of these dimensions: how to balance immediate access for children who may not survive a full approval process against the risks of insufficient safety data and the potential undermining of systems designed to protect current and future patients. This case exemplifies the concept of a tragic dilemma, where both action and inaction carry significant ethical costs."],
    hints: "Analyze the key ethical dimensions and tensions in this pharmaceutical case, considering multiple stakeholder perspectives and competing ethical principles.",
    expectedKeywords: ["ethical", "tension", "benefit", "risk", "safety", "autonomy", "consent", "regulatory", "vulnerable", "patients", "welfare"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that comprehensive ethical analysis. You've identified the key tensions admirably. Now, let's focus on the specific question of informed consent in this context. Given the vulnerable population, the serious potential side effects, and the expedited process, what would constitute truly informed consent in this case, and what specific measures should be implemented to ensure it?",
      partial: "You've raised some important points about the ethical aspects of this case. Could you develop your analysis further by more specifically identifying the competing ethical principles and the key tensions between them?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more specifically on analyzing the key ethical dimensions of this pharmaceutical case and identifying the primary ethical tensions at play, considering the competing moral principles involved."
    }
  }, {
    id: 2,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that comprehensive ethical analysis. You've identified the key tensions admirably. Now, let's focus on the specific question of informed consent in this context. Given the vulnerable population, the serious potential side effects, and the expedited process, what would constitute truly informed consent in this case, and what specific measures should be implemented to ensure it?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Truly informed consent in this challenging context requires enhanced standards and procedures that address the unique vulnerabilities of the population and the heightened stakes of the decision. Given the complexity of this situation, I would recommend a multifaceted approach to informed consent that goes beyond standard documentation practices. First, the content of the informed consent must be comprehensively tailored to this specific context. This should include: (a) clear, non-technical explanations of both the potential benefits (80% efficacy) and risks (5% serious neurological complications), presented in absolute numbers and with visual aids to improve comprehension; (b) explicit discussion of the expedited nature of the approval and which standard safety studies are being bypassed, with the implications of this acceleration; (c) transparent disclosure of what remains unknown due to the abbreviated testing process; (d) detailed information about available alternatives, including palliative options; and (e) explicit acknowledgment that the decision is being made under duress due to the child's condition, with validation of the emotional complexity parents face. Second, the process of consent should be enhanced through multiple mechanisms: (a) implementing a staged consent process with multiple discussions over time (to the extent the child's condition permits) rather than a single decision point; (b) requiring the involvement of a neutral patient advocate with expertise in both the medical condition and ethical decision-making who has no institutional affiliation with either the pharmaceutical company or treating facility; (c) providing families with access to other parents who have faced similar decisions, while acknowledging the unique aspects of each case; and (d) establishing a cooling-off period whenever medically feasible to allow for reflection. Third, I recommend specific measures to address the power and information asymmetries inherent in this situation: (a) creating a multidisciplinary consent team including the treating physician, a clinical ethicist, a patient advocate, and a psychologist specialized in medical decision-making under duress; (b) recording consent discussions (with parental permission) to allow families to review information; (c) developing decision aids specifically designed for this treatment that present information in multiple formats to accommodate different learning styles; and (d) implementing a comprehension assessment to verify understanding of key elements before finalizing consent. Fourth, given the experimental nature of the treatment, the consent process should include explicit discussion of: (a) the ongoing nature of consent with clear procedures for withdrawal; (b) commitments regarding long-term follow-up and support if neurological complications occur; (c) transparency about data collection and how the child's experience will contribute to knowledge about the treatment; and (d) clear delineation of financial responsibilities for both the treatment and any complications that may arise. Finally, I would recommend institutional oversight mechanisms including: (a) regular review of consent processes by an independent ethics committee; (b) monitoring for patterns in which populations are giving or withholding consent to identify potential systemic biases; and (c) ongoing assessment of outcomes to continuously refine the risk-benefit information provided to subsequent families. These enhanced informed consent procedures acknowledge the reality that in high-stakes, emotionally charged decisions involving vulnerable populations, truly informed consent requires a process-oriented, supported approach rather than simply more comprehensive documentation.", "In this ethically complex scenario, truly informed consent requires an enhanced framework that addresses the unique vulnerabilities at play. I propose a comprehensive approach with specific measures to strengthen both the substance and process of consent. Regarding the substance of informed consent, I recommend: (a) developing specialized disclosure materials that present the 80% efficacy and 5% complication rates using multiple formats—numerical, visual, and narrative—to facilitate genuine comprehension; (b) explicit disclosure of which standard safety protocols are being bypassed through the compassionate use program and the specific uncertainties this creates; (c) transparent communication about the limits of current knowledge regarding long-term outcomes, potential unknown risks, and specific presentations of neurological complications; (d) detailed comparison with alternative approaches, including the natural disease progression and palliative options; and (e) clear explanation of reversibility—which effects of both the disease and potential treatment complications are permanent versus temporary. For the consent process itself, I recommend: (a) implementing a multi-stage consent procedure that occurs over several sessions (to the extent the child's condition allows), allowing time for reflection and questions between discussions; (b) requiring the presence of a consent team rather than a single physician, including the treating specialist, a clinical ethicist, and a patient advocate with no institutional conflicts of interest; (c) providing access to unedited testimonials from families who have previously faced similar decisions, including those who experienced both positive and negative outcomes; (d) involving older pediatric patients in developmentally appropriate ways, even when they cannot provide legal consent, to respect their emerging autonomy; and (e) utilizing technology-enabled decision aids that allow parents to explore information at their own pace and revisit complex concepts as needed. To address the power dynamics and emotional context, I recommend: (a) providing families with an independent patient navigator specifically trained in both the medical condition and decision-making under duress; (b) offering psychological support resources focused on medical decision-making; (c) establishing a 'consent advocate' role distinct from the treatment team who is responsible solely for ensuring information comprehension rather than promoting any particular decision; (d) implementing formal assessment of parental understanding using techniques like 'teach-back' methods where parents explain key concepts in their own words; and (e) creating dedicated physical spaces for consent discussions that provide privacy, comfort, and freedom from time pressure. Given the experimental nature of the treatment, additional measures should include: (a) clear delineation of which costs will be covered by the company versus insurance or family resources, including long-term care for complications; (b) explicit discussion of data collection, privacy protections, and how the child's outcomes will inform future treatment approaches; (c) detailed explanation of the ongoing nature of consent and specific procedures for withdrawing from treatment; and (d) commitments regarding follow-up care and support resources if neurological complications occur. Finally, to ensure system-level quality, I recommend: (a) establishing an independent oversight committee specifically for this compassionate use program that reviews consent practices and outcomes; (b) creating a registry of all patients to systematically track both benefits and complications; (c) regular reassessment of the consent process based on family feedback and outcome data; and (d) monitoring for demographic patterns in consent decisions that might reflect implicit biases or inequitable access. Through this comprehensive approach, we can strive to achieve consent that is as informed as possible under these challenging circumstances, respecting both parental authority and the special protections warranted for vulnerable children facing life-threatening conditions.", "Truly informed consent in this context requires an enhanced approach that addresses..."],
    hints: "Discuss what would constitute truly informed consent in this pharmaceutical case and recommend specific measures to ensure it, considering the vulnerable population and serious risks.",
    expectedKeywords: ["informed consent", "vulnerable", "measures", "process", "comprehension", "disclosure", "advocate", "documentation", "risks", "benefits", "understanding"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["truly informed consent", "enhanced standards", "vulnerable population", "comprehension of risks", "disclosure of uncertainties", "patient advocate", "multidisciplinary approach", "power dynamics", "decision-making capacity", "consent process", "emotional duress"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your recommendations for enhancing informed consent are thorough and well-reasoned. Now, let's consider the regulatory perspective. The FDA must decide whether to allow this compassionate use program. Using relevant ethical frameworks, what criteria should guide their decision, and what conditions or limitations might they reasonably impose if they approve the program?",
      partial: "You've offered some useful insights about informed consent. Could you develop your response further with more specific measures and procedures that would ensure truly informed consent in this particular case, given the vulnerable population and serious risks involved?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on what would constitute truly informed consent in this specific pharmaceutical case and recommend concrete measures to ensure it, considering the vulnerable pediatric population and the serious risks involved."
    }
  }, {
    id: 3,
    botMessage: "Your recommendations for enhancing informed consent are thorough and well-reasoned. Now, let's consider the regulatory perspective. The FDA must decide whether to allow this compassionate use program. Using relevant ethical frameworks, what criteria should guide their decision, and what conditions or limitations might they reasonably impose if they approve the program?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The FDA's decision regarding NewLife's compassionate use program requires balancing multiple ethical frameworks while fulfilling their statutory mandate to protect public health. I recommend applying a multi-principled approach drawing from consequentialism, deontology, and justice considerations to establish criteria and potential conditions for approval. From a consequentialist perspective, the FDA should evaluate the program based on its likely outcomes for all stakeholders. Key criteria should include: (1) Severity and prognosis of the condition – Given the fatal nature of this childhood disease, the high threshold for intervention is met; (2) Magnitude and probability of benefit – The 80% efficacy rate represents substantial potential benefit that could justify expedited access; (3) Nature, severity, and probability of harms – The 5% risk of permanent neurological damage constitutes a significant concern requiring robust risk mitigation; (4) Existence of therapeutic alternatives – The viability of the program should depend partly on whether effective alternative treatments exist; (5) Impact on broader public health systems – The FDA should consider whether the precedent might undermine regulatory protections for future patients. From a deontological perspective focusing on rights, duties, and intentions, additional criteria should include: (1) Respect for patient autonomy – While expedited approval serves autonomy by expanding options, this must be balanced against concerns about truly informed consent under duress; (2) Researcher and sponsor integrity – The FDA should evaluate whether NewLife's intentions prioritize patient welfare or commercial interests; (3) Professional obligations – The agency must consider its own duty to protect vulnerable populations while enabling access to promising treatments; (4) Procedural righteousness – Even expedited programs must adhere to fundamental principles of scientific and ethical integrity. Justice considerations add further criteria: (1) Fair access – The program should not exacerbate existing healthcare disparities through inequitable distribution; (2) Vulnerable population protections – Enhanced safeguards are warranted given the pediatric population; (3) Burden sharing – Risks and benefits should be distributed fairly among stakeholders; (4) Precedent implications – The decision should consider impacts on future regulatory determinations. If the FDA approves the compassionate use program, I recommend the following conditions and limitations: First, enhanced safety monitoring requirements including: (a) mandatory intensive post-approval surveillance with predetermined safety signals that would trigger program reassessment; (b) requirement for centralized treatment administration at designated centers with appropriate neurological expertise; (c) development of a comprehensive registry capturing all patient outcomes; and (d) regular independent data safety monitoring board review with authority to recommend program modification or suspension. Second, structured program limitations including: (a) phased implementation beginning with patients most severely affected by the disease; (b) initial cap on participant numbers with predetermined assessment points before expansion; (c) exclusion criteria for patients with pre-existing neurological vulnerabilities that might increase complication risks; and (d) time-limited approval requiring formal reevaluation based on accumulated data. Third, enhanced informed consent requirements beyond those normally required, including: (a) mandatory involvement of independent patient advocates; (b) standardized, FDA-reviewed consent materials with robust explanation of the expedited nature of approval; (c) verification of parental comprehension through structured assessment; and (d) provision of decision-making supports including access to medical ethicists. Fourth, sponsor obligations including: (a) commitment to continue standard approval processes concurrently with the compassionate use program; (b) guarantee of treatment access regardless of ability to pay; (c) establishment of a fund to support care for patients who experience serious complications; and (d) prohibition on using compassionate use data in marketing materials without explicit FDA review. Fifth, knowledge generation requirements including: (a) standardized data collection protocols to maximize scientific value; (b) mandatory sharing of all safety and efficacy data with the FDA and medical community; (c) commitment to peer-reviewed publication of results regardless of outcome; and (d) use of program data to inform design of subsequent formal clinical trials. These criteria and conditions reflect a balanced approach that acknowledges the urgent needs of affected children while imposing appropriate safeguards to mitigate risks and prevent exploitation of regulatory flexibility.", "The FDA's decision regarding NewLife's compassionate use program requires applying multiple ethical frameworks to balance competing values and stakeholder interests. I recommend the following decision criteria and potential conditions, drawing from consequentialist, deontological, and justice-oriented ethical perspectives. From a consequentialist standpoint focusing on outcomes, key decision criteria should include: (1) Magnitude of potential benefit versus harm – The 80% efficacy represents substantial benefit that must be weighed against the 5% risk of serious neurological complications; (2) Urgency of intervention – The fatal nature and progression rate of the disease should factor into whether standard timelines can ethically be followed; (3) Population impact assessment – Consideration of how many children might benefit against how many might be harmed under various approval scenarios; (4) Comparative assessment with existing alternatives – Evaluation of whether the risk-benefit profile represents an improvement over current options; (5) Effects on medical knowledge generation – Assessment of whether expedited approval would enhance or impede ultimate understanding of the treatment's true efficacy and safety profile. From a deontological perspective emphasizing duties and rights, additional criteria should include: (1) Protection of vulnerable populations – The FDA's fundamental duty to safeguard children from undue research and treatment risks; (2) Respect for patient/family autonomy – Consideration of the right of families to make informed choices in life-threatening situations; (3) Scientific integrity – The obligation to maintain standards of evidence generation even in compassionate contexts; (4) Transparency requirements – The duty to ensure full disclosure of the expedited nature of approval and its implications; (5) Manufacturer motivations – Evaluation of whether the request aligns with genuine compassionate use principles or might serve primarily commercial interests. From a justice-oriented perspective, the FDA should consider: (1) Equitable access provisions – Whether the program would be accessible to all eligible patients regardless of geographical, socioeconomic, or institutional factors; (2) Fair distribution of both benefits and burdens – How the program might impact healthcare disparities; (3) Precedent implications – Whether the decision would establish standards that could be consistently and fairly applied in similar future situations; (4) Procedural justice – Ensuring the decision-making process itself incorporates appropriate stakeholder input, including patient advocates. If the FDA approves the compassionate use program, I recommend imposing the following conditions and limitations: First, structured implementation requirements including: (a) phased rollout beginning with a limited cohort of patients at highest risk of disease mortality; (b) predetermined assessment points with clear criteria for program continuation, modification, or termination; (c) requirement for treatment at specialized centers with appropriate neurological expertise and emergency response capabilities; (d) development of standardized protocols for monitoring and managing potential complications. Second, rigorous safety monitoring mechanisms including: (a) establishment of an independent safety monitoring committee with authority to recommend program suspension; (b) mandatory reporting of all adverse events through an expedited system; (c) proactive neurological assessment at predetermined intervals using standardized measures; (d) creation of a comprehensive patient registry tracking both short and long-term outcomes. Third, enhanced informed consent requirements including: (a) development of FDA-reviewed standardized consent materials; (b) mandatory involvement of independent medical ethicists in the consent process; (c) required assessment of parental understanding before enrollment; (d) ongoing consent process with regular opportunities to reevaluate participation as more data emerges. Fourth, equitable access provisions including: (a) prohibition of preferential access based on non-medical factors; (b) requirement for geographical distribution of treatment centers; (c) mandatory financial assistance programs for uninsured or underinsured patients; (d) strategies to ensure diverse population participation, including historically underrepresented groups. Fifth, knowledge generation requirements including: (a) standardized data collection to maximize scientific value; (b) commitment to concurrent pursuit of formal clinical trials; (c) regular interim analyses with predetermined timelines for data sharing; (d) requirement for peer-reviewed publication regardless of outcomes. Sixth, manufacturer obligations including: (a) prohibition on direct-to-consumer marketing based on compassionate use outcomes; (b) establishment of a compensation fund for patients experiencing serious complications; (c) commitment to reasonable pricing if formal approval is ultimately granted; (d) agreement to continue product availability for program participants regardless of commercial decisions. These balanced conditions would enable access for children facing a fatal disease while incorporating appropriate safeguards, generating valuable knowledge, and maintaining the integrity of the regulatory system.", "The FDA's decision regarding NewLife's compassionate use program necessitates a multidimensional ethical analysis that balances several frameworks and stakeholder interests. I recommend the following decision criteria and potential conditions, drawing from established ethical paradigms and regulatory precedent. First, applying a principlist framework focused on core bioethical values, key decision criteria should include: (1) Beneficence assessment – Evaluation of the 80% efficacy rate against the background of a fatal childhood disease, considering both the probability and magnitude of benefit; (2) Non-maleficence considerations – Analysis of the 5% serious complication rate, including characterization of the neurological damage's severity, permanence, and impact on quality of life; (3) Respect for autonomy – Assessment of whether meaningful informed choice is possible given the emotional context, information limitations, and vulnerable population; (4) Justice implications – Consideration of how the program might affect equitable distribution of both benefits and burdens across diverse populations. From a consequentialist perspective, additional criteria should include: (1) Comparative outcome analysis – Structured comparison between expected outcomes under standard approval timelines versus compassionate use, including mortality projections; (2) Uncertainty management – Evaluation of the known versus unknown risks given the expedited process; (3) Precedent effects – Analysis of how the decision might influence future regulatory approaches and public trust in drug safety systems; (4) Societal resource allocation – Consideration of downstream healthcare resource implications, particularly for managing potential complications. From a procedural justice standpoint, the FDA should consider: (1) Process integrity – Whether the proposed program maintains essential elements of scientific and ethical rigor despite expedited timelines; (2) Stakeholder representation – The degree to which affected constituencies, including patient advocates and independent experts, have meaningful input; (3) Transparency mechanisms – Provisions for clear communication about the program's experimental nature and ongoing disclosure of emerging data; (4) Accountability structures – Clear delineation of responsibilities among the company, treating physicians, and regulatory authorities. If approval is granted, I recommend the following conditions and limitations: First, structured implementation parameters including: (a) staged rollout beginning with limited patient cohorts and predetermined assessment points before expansion; (b) requirement for treatment at qualified centers with demonstrated expertise in both the disease and potential neurological complications; (c) development of clear eligibility criteria prioritizing patients with most urgent need and least alternative options; (d) sunset provisions requiring formal reevaluation based on accumulated data at specified intervals. Second, enhanced safety monitoring requirements including: (a) establishment of an independent Data Safety Monitoring Board with predetermined safety thresholds that would trigger program reassessment; (b) mandatory comprehensive baseline and follow-up neurological assessments using standardized protocols; (c) development of a centralized, comprehensive patient registry capturing standardized outcome measures; (d) requirement for proactive assessment of potential neurological complications rather than passive adverse event reporting. Third, robust informed consent provisions including: (a) development of FDA-reviewed standardized consent materials clearly distinguishing between established and unknown risks; (b) required involvement of independent patient advocates without conflicts of interest; (c) mandatory assessment of parental understanding before enrollment authorization; (d) structured decision support tools including visual presentation of risk-benefit data. Fourth, knowledge generation requirements including: (a) standardized data collection protocols designed to maximize scientific value of the program; (b) requirement for concurrent pursuit of traditional approval pathways alongside compassionate use; (c) mandatory interim data analysis with predetermined schedules for regulatory review and public disclosure; (d) commitment to publish all outcome data regardless of whether results favor the treatment. Fifth, equitable access provisions including: (a) prohibition of selection criteria that could exacerbate healthcare disparities; (b) requirement for geographical distribution of treatment access points; (c) financial assistance programs ensuring access regardless of insurance status or ability to pay; (d) proactive strategies to ensure program awareness across diverse communities and practice settings. Sixth, manufacturer obligations including: (a) establishment of a compensation fund for patients experiencing serious complications; (b) restrictions on using compassionate use data in marketing materials; (c) commitment to continued product access for participants regardless of commercial developments; (d) transparency regarding compassionate use data in any subsequent formal approval applications. These balanced conditions would enable access for children with urgent need while imposing appropriate safeguards, ensuring valuable knowledge generation, and maintaining regulatory system integrity."],
    hints: "Analyze the FDA's decision regarding the compassionate use program using relevant ethical frameworks, recommending specific criteria for their decision and possible conditions if approved.",
    expectedKeywords: ["FDA", "regulatory", "criteria", "ethical frameworks", "conditions", "approval", "safety", "monitoring", "consequentialist", "deontological", "justice", "limitations"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that comprehensive regulatory analysis. The committee appreciates your thoughtful application of ethical frameworks. Now, let's address the perspective of the healthcare providers who would administer this treatment. What ethical responsibilities do physicians have in this situation beyond standard clinical duties, and how should they navigate potential conflicts between their obligations to individual patients, public health, and scientific advancement?",
      partial: "You've made some interesting points about the FDA's decision. Could you provide a more structured analysis using specific ethical frameworks, and more clearly outline the criteria that should guide their decision and the conditions they might impose if they approve the program?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on applying relevant ethical frameworks to analyze what criteria should guide the FDA's decision on this compassionate use program, and what specific conditions or limitations they might reasonably impose if they approve it."
    }
  }, {
    id: 4,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that comprehensive regulatory analysis. The committee appreciates your thoughtful application of ethical frameworks. Now, let's address the perspective of the healthcare providers who would administer this treatment. What ethical responsibilities do physicians have in this situation beyond standard clinical duties, and how should they navigate potential conflicts between their obligations to individual patients, public health, and scientific advancement?",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Healthcare providers facing this compassionate use scenario bear heightened ethical responsibilities that extend beyond their standard clinical duties, and must navigate complex tensions between various professional obligations. I'll address these expanded responsibilities and potential conflicts through several key dimensions. First, physicians have enhanced disclosure and educational responsibilities in this context. Beyond standard informed consent, they must: (a) explicitly acknowledge the experimental nature of the treatment and the expedited approval process; (b) present risk-benefit information with scrupulous objectivity, avoiding both undue optimism and excessive caution; (c) translate complex probabilistic information into understandable concepts without oversimplification; and (d) explicitly distinguish between established facts, reasonable inferences, and unknowns resulting from the abbreviated testing process. This requires exceptional communication skills and commitment to epistemic humility about the limitations of current knowledge. Second, physicians bear special obligations regarding therapeutic equipoise and management of hope. They must: (a) maintain a delicate balance between offering hope to desperate families while preventing unrealistic expectations; (b) monitor and manage their own potential therapeutic enthusiasm that might bias presentations; (c) acknowledge how their framing and recommendations profoundly influence parental decisions; and (d) create space for families to reach decisions aligned with their values without abandoning them to unsupported choice. This requires exceptional self-awareness and reflexivity about how personal biases might influence clinical interactions. Third, physicians have expanded advocacy and protection responsibilities. They must: (a) serve as vigilant advocates for patient welfare within a program where commercial and scientific interests may compete with individual patient needs; (b) maintain willingness to recommend against participation for specific patients despite program availability; (c) protect vulnerable families from potential exploitation while respecting their decision-making authority; and (d) ensure continuity of care regardless of treatment outcomes, including specialized support if complications arise. This requires courage to prioritize patient welfare even when it conflicts with institutional or corporate interests. Regarding potential conflicts between obligations, several tensions require careful navigation: The tension between individual patient welfare and scientific advancement creates multiple dilemmas. Physicians must: (a) balance their role as healers focused on individual outcomes versus researchers contributing to generalizable knowledge; (b) recognize when these roles might create conflicts, particularly around continuing treatment if questions arise about efficacy or safety; (c) maintain clear boundaries between clinical care and data collection aspects of the program; and (d) ensure that scientific considerations never override their primary fiduciary responsibility to specific patients. The tension between obligations to their current patients versus future patients and public health presents another challenge. Physicians must: (a) recognize their role in generating knowledge that may benefit future patients, while not compromising current patient care; (b) contribute to safety monitoring systems while maintaining trust with individual families; (c) acknowledge their broader public health responsibilities while avoiding utilitarian calculus that might sacrifice individual welfare; and (d) participate in transparent reporting of outcomes even when these might complicate ongoing therapeutic relationships. To navigate these complex tensions, physicians should implement several practical strategies: (1) Engage in ongoing ethical deliberation through regular case discussions with colleagues and ethics consultants; (2) Utilize institutional ethics committees for challenging cases while developing program-specific ethical guidelines; (3) Maintain transparent documentation of decision-making processes, not just outcomes; (4) Participate in peer supervision and debriefing to process emotional and ethical challenges; and (5) Advocate for institutional supports that allow proper fulfillment of these expanded responsibilities, including appropriate time allocation for complex discussions and consultations. By approaching these expanded responsibilities with humility, transparency, and recognition of the inherent tensions involved, physicians can fulfill their multifaceted ethical obligations while maintaining integrity in this challenging context.", "Physicians administering this experimental treatment through the compassionate use program face expanded ethical responsibilities and complex tensions between competing obligations. I'll address their distinctive responsibilities and strategies for navigating potential conflicts. Healthcare providers in this scenario have several enhanced ethical duties beyond standard clinical practice. First, they bear heightened informational and educational responsibilities. Physicians must: (a) develop exceptional competence regarding both the treatment's mechanism and the disease process to provide accurate information; (b) present risk-benefit information with meticulous accuracy, avoiding framing effects that might bias family decisions; (c) acknowledge the limitations of current knowledge with intellectual humility; and (d) ensure families understand the distinction between traditional FDA approval and compassionate use authorization. This requires extraordinary commitment to transparency about uncertainties while maintaining a therapeutic alliance. Second, physicians have expanded responsibilities regarding decision support and emotional context. They must: (a) recognize the profound emotional vulnerability of parents facing a child's fatal illness and how this affects information processing; (b) create deliberative space that acknowledges emotional realities while supporting reasoned decision-making; (c) distinguish between their roles as information providers, decision supporters, and potential recommenders; and (d) help families integrate technical medical information with their values and goals for their child. This requires exceptional emotional intelligence and self-awareness regarding how the physician's own perspectives might influence the decision ecology. Third, providers have distinctive monitoring and safety responsibilities in this context. They must: (a) maintain heightened vigilance for potential complications beyond routine adverse event monitoring; (b) develop specialized expertise in detecting and managing the specific neurological complications identified in trials; (c) commit to meticulous documentation and reporting to contribute to collective knowledge; and (d) establish clear parameters for treatment discontinuation if safety concerns emerge. This requires balancing individual patient care with broader responsibilities to the treatment program and future patients. Fourth, physicians bear special obligations regarding continuity of care and outcome management. They must: (a) ensure comprehensive follow-up regardless of treatment outcome; (b) develop expertise in addressing potential complications or establish appropriate referral pathways; (c) provide ongoing psychosocial support adapted to both positive and negative outcomes; and (d) maintain the therapeutic relationship even if treatment expectations are not met. Regarding potential conflicts between obligations, several tensions require careful navigation: The tension between individual benefit and knowledge generation presents significant challenges. Physicians must: (a) prioritize individual patient welfare while recognizing the importance of systematic data collection; (b) distinguish clearly between interventions performed for patient benefit versus those primarily serving research purposes; (c) resist pressure to continue treatments that are not serving the individual patient's interests even if beneficial for data collection; and (d) maintain appropriate boundaries between clinical and research roles, particularly when both responsibilities reside with the same physician. The tension between hope and realism creates another dilemma. Providers must: (a) offer hope that acknowledges the treatment's potential benefits without fostering unrealistic expectations; (b) prepare families for possible negative outcomes without unnecessarily diminishing hope; (c) maintain a therapeutic perspective that can adapt as new information emerges about efficacy and safety; and (d) support families in managing uncertainty throughout the treatment process. To effectively manage these expanded responsibilities and navigate inherent tensions, physicians should implement several practical approaches: (1) Establish a team-based model where clinical responsibilities are distributed among providers with complementary expertise; (2) Develop structured protocols for monitoring, communication, and decision points to ensure consistency across patients; (3) Create regular opportunities for ethical reflection through case conferences and consultation; (4) Maintain explicit documentation of key discussions, especially around consent, expectations, and treatment decisions; and (5) Participate in provider support networks specifically designed for those administering experimental treatments to address moral distress and ethical challenges. By acknowledging these expanded ethical responsibilities and implementing structured approaches to navigate inherent tensions, physicians can maintain their integrity while serving as responsible stewards of both individual patient welfare and broader public health interests in this challenging context.", "Healthcare providers administering this experimental treatment face expanded ethical responsibilities..."],
    hints: "Analyze the expanded ethical responsibilities of physicians in this compassionate use scenario and how they should navigate conflicts between obligations to individual patients, public health, and scientific advancement.",
    expectedKeywords: ["physicians", "responsibilities", "ethical", "conflicts", "obligations", "patients", "disclosure", "monitoring", "tensions", "individual", "public health", "scientific"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["ethical responsibilities", "standard clinical duties", "individual patients", "public health", "scientific advancement", "informed consent", "therapeutic relationship", "conflicts of interest", "professional obligations", "monitoring responsibilities", "decision support"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that thoughtful analysis of physician responsibilities and ethical tensions. Now, let's consider the broader societal perspective. When balancing innovation, safety, and access in cases like this, what ethical principles should guide our public policies around compassionate use programs, and how might we better address the tensions between individual needs and collective protections in our regulatory frameworks?",
      partial: "You've raised some interesting points about physician responsibilities. Could you develop your analysis further by more specifically addressing the potential conflicts between obligations to individual patients, public health, and scientific advancement, and how physicians should navigate these tensions?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the expanded ethical responsibilities of physicians in this compassionate use scenario, and specifically how they should navigate potential conflicts between their obligations to individual patients, public health, and scientific advancement."
    }
  }, {
    id: 5,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that thoughtful analysis of physician responsibilities and ethical tensions. Now, let's consider the broader societal perspective. When balancing innovation, safety, and access in cases like this, what ethical principles should guide our public policies around compassionate use programs, and how might we better address the tensions between individual needs and collective protections in our regulatory frameworks?",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Public policies governing compassionate use programs should be guided by several fundamental ethical principles that help balance individual needs with collective protections while promoting innovation and maintaining safety standards. I'll outline these principles and suggest frameworks for addressing inherent tensions in our regulatory approaches. First, the principle of proportionate protection should guide policy development. This principle recognizes that regulatory safeguards should be calibrated to both risk levels and decision stakes. For compassionate use programs, this means: (a) maintaining core safety protections while modifying procedural requirements that don't substantively enhance safety; (b) implementing tiered review systems where scrutiny intensifies as risk profiles increase; (c) developing context-sensitive standards that consider disease severity, available alternatives, and vulnerability of affected populations; and (d) establishing sliding scales of evidence requirements proportionate to both potential benefits and harms. This approach acknowledges that neither one-size-fits-all regulations nor abandonment of protections serves societal interests. Second, the principle of procedural justice should inform regulatory frameworks. This means ensuring that decision processes are fair, transparent, and consistent even when outcomes may differ. Implementation should include: (a) clear, publicly available criteria for compassionate use authorizations that are consistently applied; (b) transparent documentation of reasoning when exceptions or expedited reviews are granted; (c) meaningful inclusion of diverse stakeholder perspectives, including patient advocates, in policy development; and (d) mechanisms for appealing decisions with specified timelines and processes. This principle supports public trust in regulatory systems while allowing necessary flexibility. Third, the principle of epistemic responsibility should guide knowledge generation requirements. This principle recognizes obligations to learn from all treatment contexts. Policies should: (a) require structured data collection even in compassionate use contexts; (b) establish minimum standardized outcome measures across programs; (c) create incentives for sharing results regardless of whether they favor the treatment; and (d) develop mechanisms to integrate compassionate use data into formal evaluation processes. This approach respects the moral claim of future patients on knowledge generated through current interventions. Fourth, the principle of health equity should inform access provisions. Policies should actively prevent compassionate use programs from exacerbating existing disparities through: (a) requirements for demographic monitoring of program participation; (b) proactive efforts to ensure diverse population access; (c) prohibition of selection criteria that systematically disadvantage marginalized groups; and (d) provisions addressing financial barriers to participation. This principle acknowledges that innovation without equitable access reinforces systemic injustices. To better address tensions between individual needs and collective protections, our regulatory frameworks should incorporate several structural innovations: First, we should implement adaptive licensing pathways that create structured progressions from limited to broader access based on evidence accumulation. This might include: (a) provisional approvals with mandated reassessment points; (b) permission linked to contribution to evidence generation; (c) staged access expansion tied to safety milestones; and (d) sunset provisions requiring transition to standard regulatory pathways. This approach creates middle ground between binary approval decisions and unregulated access. Second, we should develop robust patient engagement mechanisms that meaningfully incorporate affected populations' perspectives without abdicating regulatory responsibility. This could include: (a) formal advisory roles for patient representatives in compassionate use deliberations; (b) structured methods for eliciting patient risk tolerance across diverse populations; (c) patient participation in designing monitoring protocols and outcome measures; and (d) transparency about how patient input influences regulatory decisions. This approach acknowledges patients as moral agents while maintaining safeguards. Third, we should establish specialized ethics review resources focused on compassionate use contexts. These might include: (a) dedicated ethics committees with relevant expertise; (b) expedited consultation pathways for time-sensitive cases; (c) development of case precedent databases to support consistent reasoning; and (d) ethics support resources for patients and families navigating complex decisions. This approach recognizes that standard research or clinical ethics frameworks may inadequately address compassionate use complexities. Fourth, we should create improved public communication systems regarding regulated products. These should include: (a) accessible registries of compassionate use programs with standardized information; (b) clear explanation of the differences between various approval pathways; (c) balanced presentation of both expanded access opportunities and their limitations; and (d) transparent reporting of outcomes from compassionate use programs. This approach supports informed societal dialogue about appropriate balancing of innovation, access, and protection. By incorporating these principles and structural innovations into our regulatory frameworks, we can develop more nuanced approaches that respect individual needs while maintaining essential collective protections. This balanced approach acknowledges both the moral urgency of addressing unmet medical needs and the ethical importance of safeguarding vulnerable populations from potential exploitation or harm under the guise of innovation.", "Developing ethically sound public policies for compassionate use programs requires balancing several fundamental values while addressing inherent tensions between individual needs and collective protections. I propose the following ethical principles and framework adjustments to guide policy development in this complex domain. First, regulatory frameworks should be anchored in the principle of respect for multidimensional autonomy. This principle recognizes that meaningful self-determination requires both freedom from unwarranted restrictions and access to genuine options supported by adequate information. In practice, this means: (a) acknowledging patients' right to access promising interventions when facing life-threatening conditions; (b) simultaneously ensuring robust safeguards against exploitation of vulnerability and desperate hope; (c) providing structured decision support resources that facilitate authentic choice; and (d) recognizing that autonomy exists within social contexts that shape available options. This principle avoids both paternalistic overprotection and abandonment to unsupported choice. Second, policies should embody the principle of adaptive protections that respond proportionately to both context and evidence. This approach recognizes that appropriate safeguards vary based on condition severity, population vulnerability, intervention risks, and evidence quality. Implementation should include: (a) tiered review systems with expedited pathways for highest-need scenarios; (b) dynamic safety thresholds that consider both the natural history of the condition and intervention risks; (c) staged approval processes where oversight intensity adjusts as evidence accumulates; and (d) special provisions for vulnerable populations that provide enhanced protections without categorical exclusion. This principle allows context-sensitive regulation rather than rigid, one-size-fits-all approaches. Third, regulatory frameworks should incorporate the principle of fair opportunity coupled with equitable access. This principle recognizes that innovation benefits society only when its advantages are reasonably accessible across diverse populations. Policies should: (a) prohibit selection criteria that systematically advantage socioeconomically privileged groups; (b) require programs to implement strategies ensuring demographic diversity in participation; (c) address financial barriers through requirements for assistance programs; and (d) monitor and address disparities in program awareness, referral patterns, and approval rates. This principle acknowledges that compassionate use programs can either mitigate or exacerbate existing health inequities. Fourth, policies should be guided by the principle of continuous learning and evidence generation. This principle recognizes ethical obligations to future patients who deserve decisions based on the best available evidence. Implementation should include: (a) requirements for structured data collection within compassionate use programs; (b) incentives for sharing results regardless of whether they favor the intervention; (c) integration of compassionate use data into formal regulatory evaluations; and (d) penalties for selective reporting or publication bias. This principle respects the moral claim of future patients on knowledge generated through current interventions. To better address tensions between individual needs and collective protections, several structural innovations should be considered: First, we should establish multi-stakeholder deliberative bodies specifically focused on compassionate use decisions. These bodies would: (a) include diverse perspectives including patient representatives, clinical experts, ethicists, and regulatory specialists; (b) develop case precedents to ensure consistency while maintaining flexibility for unique circumstances; (c) operate with transparent procedures and publicly accessible reasoning; and (d) implement expedited processes for time-sensitive cases while maintaining deliberative integrity. This approach creates more nuanced decision-making than either individual physician judgment or standard regulatory review. Second, we should implement adaptive licensing pathways that bridge the gap between traditional approval and exceptional access. These pathways would: (a) allow progressive expansion of access as evidence accumulates; (b) link permission with commitments to generate and share data; (c) include predetermined reassessment points triggered by either time elapsed or participation thresholds; and (d) require transition plans toward either standard approval or program termination. This approach creates structured middle ground between binary regulatory decisions. Third, we should develop improved benefit-risk assessment methodologies that better incorporate patient perspectives. These would: (a) utilize formal approaches for eliciting diverse patient values regarding benefit-risk tradeoffs; (b) acknowledge that risk tolerance legitimately varies based on condition severity and available alternatives; (c) distinguish between risks of various types and magnitudes rather than treating risk as undifferentiated; and (d) develop transparent frameworks for weighing these factors in regulatory decisions. This approach moves beyond simplistic risk-benefit calculations toward more nuanced assessment aligned with patient-centered values. Fourth, we should establish improved public communication infrastructure specifically designed for compassionate use contexts. This would include: (a) accessible registries of available programs with standardized information presentation; (b) clear explanation of the differences between various approval pathways; (c) balanced resources addressing both opportunities and limitations of compassionate use; and (d) transparent reporting of outcomes from these programs. This approach supports informed societal dialogue about appropriate balancing of innovation, access, and protection. By incorporating these principles and structural innovations, we can develop regulatory frameworks that navigate the ethical tensions inherent in compassionate use more effectively. Such approaches would respect the moral urgency of addressing unmet medical needs while maintaining essential societal protections, acknowledging that these goals, though sometimes in tension, are ultimately aligned in service of patient welfare.", "Public policies governing compassionate use programs must navigate complex ethical terrain at the intersection of innovation, safety, individual autonomy, and collective protection. I propose the following ethical principles and framework adjustments to guide policy development in this challenging domain. First, policies should be anchored in the principle of graduated oversight proportionate to both risk and uncertainty. This principle recognizes that appropriate regulatory intensity varies based on the specific context of each compassionate use scenario. Implementation would include: (a) tiered review frameworks where scrutiny increases with risk level, remaining uncertainty, and population vulnerability; (b) expedited pathways for conditions with highest mortality and limited alternatives; (c) enhanced requirements when target populations include vulnerable groups, particularly children; and (d) modified evidentiary standards that acknowledge both the limitations and urgency of decision-making with incomplete information. This principle avoids both rigid proceduralism that blocks access and inadequate review that endangers patients. Second, frameworks should embody the principle of responsible innovation that balances progress with protection. This principle acknowledges both the ethical imperative to develop new treatments and the obligation to minimize avoidable harm. Policies should: (a) establish mechanisms that enable access while generating systematic knowledge; (b) require structured data collection from compassionate use that contributes to collective understanding; (c) implement safety monitoring proportionate to risk profiles and uncertainties; and (d) develop frameworks for integrating real-world data from compassionate use into formal evaluations. This principle recognizes that innovation and protection are complementary rather than opposing values when properly structured. Third, regulatory approaches should incorporate the principle of distributive justice in opportunity and burden. This principle addresses the equitable distribution of both benefits and risks across populations. Implementation would include: (a) requirements for demographic monitoring of program participation with attention to potential disparities; (b) prohibition of access criteria that systematically advantage socioeconomically privileged groups; (c) provisions addressing financial, geographical, and informational barriers to participation; and (d) attention to ensuring that evidence generated benefits diverse populations. This principle acknowledges that unstructured compassionate use can exacerbate rather than mitigate existing health inequities. Fourth, policies should be guided by the principle of procedural fairness and transparency. This principle focuses on the legitimacy of decision processes even when outcomes may vary. Frameworks should include: (a) clear, publicly available criteria for compassionate use authorizations; (b) documentation of reasoning when exceptions are granted; (c) consistent application of standards across similar cases; and (d) mechanisms for appealing decisions with specified timelines and processes. This principle supports public trust in regulatory systems while allowing necessary flexibility. To better address tensions between individual needs and collective protections, several structural innovations should be considered: First, we should establish intermediary approval pathways that create structured middle ground between traditional approval and exceptional access. These would include: (a) provisional approvals with mandated reassessment points; (b) staged access expansion tied to safety milestones and evidence accumulation; (c) permission linked to participation in structured monitoring; and (d) sunset provisions requiring transition to standard pathways. This approach acknowledges the false dichotomy between complete access and complete restriction. Second, we should develop enhanced benefit-risk assessment methodologies that incorporate patient perspectives and condition context. These would: (a) utilize formal approaches for eliciting diverse patient values regarding benefit-risk tradeoffs; (b) acknowledge that risk tolerance legitimately varies based on condition severity and available alternatives; (c) incorporate consideration of patient-relevant outcomes beyond traditional clinical endpoints; and (d) develop transparent frameworks for weighing these factors in regulatory decisions. This approach allows more nuanced evaluation aligned with patient-centered values. Third, we should implement robust post-approval monitoring systems specifically designed for compassionate use contexts. These would: (a) establish standardized minimum data collection requirements across programs; (b) develop infrastructure for rapid signal detection when safety concerns emerge; (c) require regular interim analyses with predetermined evaluation points; and (d) create mechanisms for modifying or suspending programs based on emerging evidence. This approach acknowledges that initial access decisions occur under uncertainty and must be revisited as evidence accumulates. Fourth, we should establish multi-stakeholder advisory mechanisms for compassionate use policies. These would: (a) include diverse perspectives including patient representatives, clinical experts, ethicists, and regulatory specialists; (b) provide input on both general policy development and challenging individual cases; (c) develop case precedents to ensure consistency while maintaining flexibility; and (d) operate with transparent procedures and publicly accessible reasoning. This approach creates more nuanced decision-making than either purely technological or bureaucratic processes. By incorporating these principles and structural innovations, we can develop regulatory frameworks that more effectively navigate the ethical tensions inherent in compassionate use. Such approaches would respect the moral urgency of addressing unmet medical needs while maintaining essential societal protections, recognizing that the public good is served by both facilitating responsible innovation and ensuring adequate safeguards for vulnerable populations."],
    hints: "Analyze what ethical principles should guide public policies for compassionate use programs and how regulatory frameworks could better address tensions between individual needs and collective protections.",
    expectedKeywords: ["ethical principles", "public policy", "compassionate use", "regulatory", "tensions", "individual needs", "collective protection", "innovation", "safety", "access", "balance", "framework"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that insightful analysis of the broader policy considerations. You've provided a comprehensive ethical framework for approaching these complex issues. For our final question, let's bring this back to our specific case. Based on all we've discussed, what would be your recommendation to our ethics committee regarding NewLife's request for expedited approval? Please outline your position and the key ethical considerations that inform your conclusion.",
      partial: "You've offered some interesting perspectives on regulatory frameworks. Could you develop your analysis further by more clearly articulating the specific ethical principles that should guide public policies for compassionate use programs, and how these might help address tensions between individual needs and collective protections?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing what ethical principles should guide our public policies around compassionate use programs, and how we might better address the tensions between individual needs and collective protections in our regulatory frameworks."
    }
  }, {
    id: 6,
    botMessage: "Thank you for that insightful analysis of the broader policy considerations. You've provided a comprehensive ethical framework for approaching these complex issues. For our final question, let's bring this back to our specific case. Based on all we've discussed, what would be your recommendation to our ethics committee regarding NewLife's request for expedited approval? Please outline your position and the key ethical considerations that inform your conclusion.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["After careful analysis of the ethical dimensions we've discussed, I recommend that our ethics committee support NewLife's request for expedited approval through the compassionate use program, but with substantial conditions and safeguards that address the key ethical concerns. This qualified approval balances the urgency of addressing an unmet medical need with the imperative to protect vulnerable children and maintain regulatory integrity. My recommendation is based on several key ethical considerations. First, the severity of the condition and limited alternatives strongly support accelerated access. The rare childhood disease in question is fatal without intervention, creating moral urgency that justifies modified, though not eliminated, approval processes. The 80% efficacy rate demonstrated in clinical trials represents substantial potential benefit that could save many children's lives. In such circumstances, the traditional ethical calculus shifts—delays entail certain harm through disease progression, while expedition creates probabilistic risk of harm through side effects. However, the 5% risk of serious neurological complications demands robust safeguards. We cannot minimize this significant potential harm, particularly given the permanent nature of the neurological damage and the vulnerability of the pediatric population. This risk profile necessitates extraordinary protection measures rather than straightforward approval. I recommend the following specific conditions be attached to our approval: First, implementation of a staged rollout program that begins with a limited cohort of patients at highest mortality risk and includes predetermined assessment points before expansion. This approach balances immediate access for those most in need with responsible evidence generation before widespread use. Second, establishment of specialized treatment centers with demonstrated neurological expertise, mandatory provider training, and centralized complication management protocols. This condition acknowledges that risk mitigation requires specialized clinical capability rather than simply disclosure. Third, implementation of the enhanced informed consent process we discussed earlier, including independent patient advocates, standardized comprehension assessment, and ongoing consent procedures as new information emerges. This respects parental authority while providing extraordinary support for decision-making under duress. Fourth, development of a comprehensive registry with mandatory reporting of standardized efficacy and safety outcomes, regular interim analyses, and predetermined safety signals that would trigger program reassessment. This creates appropriate epistemic responsibility to learn from every treatment experience. Fifth, establishment of a special oversight committee including patient representatives, clinical experts, and ethicists to monitor program implementation, ensure compliance with ethical standards, and address emerging challenges. This provides ongoing ethical governance beyond initial approval. Sixth, requirement for equitable access provisions including geographical distribution of treatment centers, financial assistance programs, and proactive strategies to ensure program awareness across diverse communities. This addresses justice concerns that could otherwise undermine the program's ethical foundation. Additionally, I recommend requiring NewLife to continue pursuing standard approval pathways concurrently with the compassionate use program, with clear timelines for transitioning to traditional regulatory frameworks as evidence accumulates. This maintains the exceptional nature of expedited approval while ensuring appropriate long-term oversight. This recommendation acknowledges the inherently tragic nature of the choice before us—both approval and denial carry significant ethical costs—while creating a structured path forward that respects the lives and well-being of affected children, both present and future. By implementing these conditions, we can support access to a potentially life-saving treatment while fulfilling our ethical obligations to protect vulnerable patients, ensure informed decision-making, generate crucial knowledge, and maintain the integrity of our regulatory systems.", "After thorough consideration of the ethical dimensions we've discussed, I recommend that our ethics committee support conditional approval of NewLife's request for expedited access through the compassionate use program. This qualified approval balances respect for the urgent needs of children facing a fatal disease with the imperative to implement extraordinary safeguards given the significant risks and vulnerable population involved. The key ethical considerations informing my conclusion include the following: First, the severity of the condition and therapeutic potential justify modified approval processes. The fatal nature of this rare childhood disease creates moral urgency, while the drug's 80% efficacy rate represents substantial potential benefit that could prevent numerous deaths. Standard approval timelines would ensure certain harm through disease progression for many children who might otherwise benefit. In such circumstances, appropriate risk tolerance should be calibrated to the consequences of inaction, not just action. Second, the 5% risk of permanent neurological damage necessitates extraordinary protective measures. This significant complication rate, involving potentially irreversible harm to the developing brain, demands safeguards far exceeding standard protocols. While this risk might be acceptable given the fatal alternative, it can only be ethically managed through structured monitoring and mitigation strategies. Third, the vulnerability of the pediatric population requires specialized protections without categorical exclusion. Children deserve both protection from research risks and timely access to therapeutic advances. This tension can be navigated through enhanced consent processes and specialized oversight rather than by categorically delaying access to promising interventions. Fourth, the expedited approval pathway represents a justified exception rather than a new standard. Maintaining the integrity of regulatory systems requires clear demarcation of why this specific case warrants modified processes, with explicit acknowledgment that the approach should remain exceptional rather than routine. Based on these considerations, I recommend approval with the following specific conditions: First, implementation of a phased access program beginning with patients at highest mortality risk and including predetermined assessment points before expansion. This balances immediate access with responsible, systematic evidence generation. Second, requirement for treatment at specialized centers with appropriate neurological expertise, mandatory provider training, standardized monitoring protocols, and defined referral pathways for complication management. This condition recognizes that risk mitigation requires specialized clinical capability, not merely disclosure. Third, implementation of enhanced informed consent procedures including mandatory involvement of independent patient advocates, standardized comprehension assessment, decision support tools, and ongoing consent processes as new information emerges. This respects parental authority while providing exceptional support for decision-making under duress. Fourth, establishment of a comprehensive patient registry with standardized outcome measures, mandatory reporting requirements, regular interim analyses by an independent data monitoring committee, and predetermined safety signals that would trigger program reassessment. This creates appropriate epistemic responsibility toward both current and future patients. Fifth, development of equitable access provisions including geographical distribution of treatment centers, financial assistance programs, prohibition of selection criteria that could exacerbate disparities, and proactive strategies to ensure program awareness across diverse communities. This addresses justice concerns that might otherwise undermine the program's ethical foundation. Sixth, requirement for NewLife to establish a patient support fund specifically for families of children who experience serious complications, ensuring access to specialized care and rehabilitation services regardless of insurance status. This acknowledges corporate responsibility for potential harms resulting from expedited approval. Additionally, I recommend requiring NewLife to continue pursuing standard approval pathways concurrently with the compassionate use program, with predetermined timelines for transitioning to traditional regulatory frameworks based on accumulated evidence. This maintains the exceptional nature of compassionate use while ensuring appropriate long-term oversight. This recommendation acknowledges that we face an inherently tragic choice where both action and inaction carry significant ethical costs. By implementing these conditions, we create a responsible path forward that respects the lives and well-being of affected children while fulfilling our broader ethical obligations to protect vulnerable populations, ensure informed decision-making, generate crucial knowledge, and maintain the integrity of our regulatory systems.", "After careful analysis of the ethical dimensions of this case, I recommend that our ethics committee..."],
    hints: "Provide your final recommendation on NewLife's request for expedited approval, outlining your position and the key ethical considerations that inform your conclusion.",
    expectedKeywords: ["recommendation", "approval", "conditions", "safeguards", "ethical considerations", "risk", "benefit", "implementation", "monitoring", "consent", "vulnerable", "balance"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["my recommendation", "conditional approval", "key ethical considerations", "balancing benefits and risks", "vulnerable population", "enhanced informed consent", "safety monitoring", "equitable access", "phased implementation", "specialized treatment centers", "comprehensive registry"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for your thoughtful and well-reasoned recommendation. You've done an excellent job of navigating this complex ethical dilemma, balancing competing principles, and providing practical guidance. Your analysis demonstrates sophisticated ethical reasoning and a nuanced understanding of the multiple dimensions involved. The committee appreciates your thorough consideration of the various stakeholder perspectives and your balanced approach to this challenging case. This concludes our ethics committee discussion.",
      partial: "Thank you for sharing your perspective on this case. Could you develop your recommendation further by more clearly outlining your position on NewLife's request and elaborating on the specific ethical considerations that inform your conclusion?",
      incorrect: "To conclude our discussion, I'd like you to provide a more direct recommendation regarding NewLife's request for expedited approval, clearly stating your position and the key ethical considerations that inform your conclusion."
    }
  }],
  completionMessage: "Congratulations! You've successfully completed the Ethical Dilemma scenario, demonstrating advanced language proficiency through your sophisticated ethical reasoning and analysis. Your contributions reflected nuanced understanding of complex moral principles, consideration of multiple perspectives, and balanced evaluation of competing ethical considerations. You effectively employed specialized ethical and professional vocabulary and complex grammatical structures appropriate for high-level discussions of ethical issues. This exercise showcased your ability to navigate complex moral questions, articulate principled positions, and communicate with precision on sensitive topics—all essential skills for advanced English communication in professional and academic contexts.",
  learningObjectives: ["Analyze complex ethical dilemmas using appropriate frameworks and terminology", "Evaluate competing ethical principles and priorities in challenging situations", "Articulate balanced arguments that consider multiple stakeholder perspectives", "Apply abstract ethical concepts to concrete practical problems", "Develop nuanced positions on controversial ethical issues", "Communicate complex moral reasoning with precision and clarity", "Navigate sensitive topics with appropriate professional language", "Structure coherent ethical arguments with clear supporting points"],
  grammar: {
    points: ["Complex conditional structures for exploring hypothetical scenarios", "Hedging language for expressing appropriate certainty in ethical judgments", "Complex sentences with multiple subordinate clauses for detailed ethical analysis", "Formal register with precise terminology for professional ethical discourse", "Balanced concessive structures for acknowledging competing considerations", "Modal verbs for expressing different degrees of obligation and possibility", "Complex noun phrases with multiple modifiers for conceptual precision"]
  }
});
var _default = exports.default = ethicalDilemma;
//# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,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