96a11be09a79880af3e42faa53be8397
Object.defineProperty(exports, "__esModule", {
  value: true
});
exports.default = void 0;
function cov_cuciy3q25() {
  var path = "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C2\\scenarios\\neuroscientificTheories.js";
  var hash = "71b5eca9fbc41cdd57f5485cb971ff778cf8f92e";
  var global = new Function("return this")();
  var gcv = "__coverage__";
  var coverageData = {
    path: "C:\\Users\\khi_h\\Desktop\\Projets\\JoudEnglishApp\\src\\data\\conversation\\C2\\scenarios\\neuroscientificTheories.js",
    statementMap: {
      "0": {
        start: {
          line: 3,
          column: 32
        },
        end: {
          line: 218,
          column: 4
        }
      }
    },
    fnMap: {},
    branchMap: {},
    s: {
      "0": 0
    },
    f: {},
    b: {},
    _coverageSchema: "1a1c01bbd47fc00a2c39e90264f33305004495a9",
    hash: "71b5eca9fbc41cdd57f5485cb971ff778cf8f92e"
  };
  var coverage = global[gcv] || (global[gcv] = {});
  if (!coverage[path] || coverage[path].hash !== hash) {
    coverage[path] = coverageData;
  }
  var actualCoverage = coverage[path];
  {
    cov_cuciy3q25 = function () {
      return actualCoverage;
    };
  }
  return actualCoverage;
}
cov_cuciy3q25();
var neuroscientificTheories = (cov_cuciy3q25().s[0]++, {
  id: 5,
  title: "Neuroscientific Theories",
  level: "C2",
  description: "Engage in a sophisticated discussion on contemporary neuroscientific theories, demonstrating mastery of complex neural concepts, ability to analyze multifaceted brain-behavior relationships, evaluate competing theoretical frameworks, articulate nuanced positions on consciousness and cognition, and communicate abstract neuroscientific principles with exceptional precision and clarity.",
  estimatedTime: "35-40 minutes",
  vocabulary: ["neural correlates", "neuroplasticity", "functional connectivity", "default mode network", "synaptic pruning", "neural oscillations", "predictive coding", "neurogenesis", "long-term potentiation", "connectome", "glutamatergic transmission", "dendritic spine", "neurodegenerative cascade", "cortical microcircuits", "neuromodulation", "axonal transport", "neuroinflammation", "epigenetic regulation", "neuroimaging modalities", "synaptogenesis", "glial activation", "neurotransmitter receptor", "membrane potential", "interlaminar connections", "neuromorphic computing"],
  steps: [{
    id: 1,
    botMessage: "Welcome to our advanced seminar on contemporary neuroscientific theories. Let's begin by exploring a fundamental question in the field: How would you evaluate the current state of neuroscientific theories of consciousness, particularly focusing on the major competing frameworks such as Global Workspace Theory, Integrated Information Theory, and Higher-Order Theories? Please address their explanatory strengths and limitations in accounting for the neural basis of conscious experience.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The neural basis of consciousness remains one of the most profound and challenging questions in neuroscience, with multiple competing theoretical frameworks offering distinctive approaches to understanding how subjective experience emerges from neural activity. Evaluating these theories requires examining their conceptual foundations, empirical support, explanatory scope, and limitations in addressing the various dimensions of conscious experience. Global Workspace Theory (GWT), initially proposed by Bernard Baars and subsequently developed by Stanislas Dehaene and others, conceptualizes consciousness as emerging from the global broadcasting of information across the brain. According to this framework, the brain contains multiple specialized, unconscious processing modules operating in parallel, while consciousness arises when information from these modules gains access to a limited-capacity global workspace that makes this information available to widespread brain regions. This theory offers several explanatory strengths. Empirically, it aligns with neuroimaging evidence demonstrating that conscious perception correlates with synchronized, large-scale activity involving fronto-parietal networks, while unconscious processing remains localized to sensory areas. The theory elegantly accounts for the limited capacity of consciousness, explaining why we cannot simultaneously consciously process unlimited information. Furthermore, GWT provides compelling explanations for phenomena like inattentional blindness and the attentional blink, where information fails to reach consciousness despite being processed at lower levels. However, GWT faces significant limitations. Most fundamentally, while it addresses the functional architecture supporting conscious access, it doesn't fully explain why global broadcasting generates subjective experience—the hard problem of consciousness remains unsolved. Additionally, the theory focuses primarily on access consciousness (information available for cognitive processing) rather than phenomenal consciousness (subjective experience itself). GWT also struggles to account for the qualitative diversity of conscious experiences or qualia—why global broadcasting of visual information produces subjective experiences so qualitatively different from auditory or emotional experiences. Integrated Information Theory (IIT), developed by Giulio Tononi, takes a markedly different approach, proposing that consciousness emerges from complex systems that integrate information in specific ways. The theory posits that consciousness is identical to a certain type of information integration measured by phi (Φ), which quantifies the system's information content above what would be expected from its parts functioning independently. Accordingly, consciousness exists in any system with non-zero Φ, with the quality and quantity of consciousness determined by the system's informational structure. IIT's strengths include its mathematical formalism, offering quantitative predictions about consciousness across different systems, and its attempt to address both structural and phenomenological aspects of consciousness simultaneously. The theory aligns with evidence that consciousness diminishes as neural integration decreases, as seen in deep sleep, anesthesia, and certain disorders of consciousness. Furthermore, IIT offers potential explanations for the qualitative diversity of conscious experiences based on the specific informational structures involved. However, IIT faces substantial challenges. The theory makes counterintuitive predictions, suggesting consciousness exists in systems typically considered non-conscious, potentially including simple computing systems with sufficient integration. Empirically, while evidence supports associations between integration and consciousness, direct verification of IIT's specific mathematical formulations remains challenging due to computational limitations in calculating Φ for complex neural systems. Additionally, some critics argue that IIT conflates information-theoretic properties with phenomenal properties without adequately explaining why integrated information should generate subjective experience. Higher-Order Theories (HOTs) present yet another framework, proposing that consciousness emerges when cognitive systems develop representations of their own mental states. In these theories, a mental state becomes conscious when it becomes the object of a higher-order representation—essentially, consciousness requires some form of meta-awareness or self-monitoring. Various formulations differ regarding whether these higher-order representations must be thought-like or perception-like and whether they must be accurate representations of first-order states. HOTs offer the strength of accounting for the self-reflective quality of consciousness—our awareness not only of external stimuli but of our own mental states. The theories align with evidence of prefrontal cortical involvement in conscious awareness and explain phenomena like blindsight, where first-order perceptual processing occurs without conscious awareness due to disrupted higher-order representations. However, HOTs face significant challenges explaining phenomenal consciousness, particularly how higher-order representations generate qualitative experiences rather than merely enabling cognitive access to information. Critics also question whether these theories can account for non-reflective forms of consciousness that seem to lack explicit self-monitoring, such as flow states or absorption in immediate sensory experiences. Beyond these individual theories, the field faces broader challenges. Empirically, differentiating between neural correlates of consciousness itself versus prerequisites or consequences of consciousness remains difficult. Conceptually, theories must bridge levels of explanation from molecular and cellular processes to systems-level phenomena and ultimately to subjective experience. Methodologically, consciousness research relies heavily on self-report measures with inherent limitations for studying non-linguistic subjects or altered states of consciousness. Recent approaches have increasingly emphasized hybrid or complementary frameworks rather than viewing these theories as mutually exclusive. For instance, recurrent processing theory integrates aspects of global workspace and higher-order approaches by emphasizing the importance of feedback connections in generating conscious percepts. Predictive processing frameworks suggest consciousness emerges from the brain's continual prediction of sensory inputs and minimization of prediction errors, potentially compatible with multiple existing theories. Moving forward, several directions appear promising for advancing consciousness theories. Greater integration between information-theoretic approaches and specific neural mechanisms may bridge abstract formulations with concrete neural implementation. Developmental approaches studying the emergence of consciousness in infants could provide insights into consciousness's foundational requirements. Comparative neuroscience examining consciousness across species may help identify necessary and sufficient neural conditions for different aspects of conscious experience. In conclusion, while each major theory offers valuable insights into specific aspects of consciousness, none currently provides a complete account of how neural activity generates subjective experience. The most productive approach likely involves integrating these frameworks' complementary strengths while developing increasingly refined empirical methods to test their predictions. Progress requires both conceptual clarity about precisely what phenomena theories aim to explain and methodological innovations for studying consciousness beyond traditional neuroimaging and self-report paradigms. The field's significant advances in recent decades suggest that continued integration of philosophical analysis, computational modeling, and empirical neuroscience may eventually yield more comprehensive accounts of consciousness's neural basis.", "The neuroscientific investigation of consciousness represents one of the most profound challenges in contemporary science, addressing the fundamental question of how subjective experience emerges from neural activity. Multiple theoretical frameworks have been developed to address this challenge, each offering distinct conceptualizations of consciousness and its neural underpinnings. Evaluating these frameworks requires examining their explanatory power, empirical support, and limitations in addressing the multifaceted nature of conscious experience. Global Workspace Theory (GWT), initially proposed by Bernard Baars and subsequently developed by Stanislas Dehaene and Jean-Pierre Changeux, conceptualizes consciousness as emerging from the global broadcasting of information across the brain. According to this framework, the brain contains numerous specialized, largely unconscious processing modules operating in parallel. Information becomes conscious when it is selected for distribution via a limited-capacity global workspace, making it simultaneously available to multiple brain systems including working memory, language, and decision-making processes. The theory posits that this global availability underlies the reportability characteristic of conscious experiences. GWT offers several explanatory strengths. Empirically, it aligns with neuroimaging evidence demonstrating that conscious perception correlates with synchronized, large-scale activity involving frontoparietal networks and long-distance neural synchronization, while unconscious processing typically remains localized to sensory regions. The theory elegantly accounts for the limited capacity of consciousness, explaining phenomena like the attentional blink and inattentional blindness, where information fails to reach consciousness despite being processed at lower levels. Recent elaborations like the Global Neuronal Workspace Model provide increasingly specific neural implementation details, suggesting that workspace neurons with long-range axons in prefrontal and parietal regions enable the global broadcasting mechanism. However, GWT faces significant limitations. While it addresses the functional architecture supporting conscious access, it doesn't fully explain why global broadcasting generates subjective experience—the \"hard problem\" of consciousness remains unaddressed. Additionally, the theory focuses primarily on access consciousness (information available for cognitive processing) rather than phenomenal consciousness (subjective experience itself). GWT also struggles to account for the qualitative diversity of conscious experiences or qualia—why global broadcasting of different types of information produces such qualitatively distinct experiences. Integrated Information Theory (IIT), developed by Giulio Tononi, takes a markedly different approach, proposing that consciousness arises from systems that integrate information in specific ways. The theory posits that consciousness is identical to a particular type of information integration measured by phi (Φ), which quantifies a system's information content beyond what would be expected from its parts functioning independently. Consciousness exists in any system with non-zero Φ, with the quality and quantity of consciousness determined by the system's informational structure. IIT begins with phenomenological axioms about the essential properties of consciousness (intrinsicality, composition, information, integration, exclusion) and derives postulates about the physical systems capable of supporting these properties. Unlike most neuroscientific theories that move from physical to phenomenal, IIT attempts to move from phenomenological analysis to physical implementation. IIT's strengths include its mathematical formalism, offering quantitative predictions about consciousness across different systems, and its unified approach to addressing both structural and phenomenological aspects of consciousness. The theory aligns with evidence that consciousness diminishes as neural integration decreases, as seen in deep sleep, anesthesia, and certain disorders of consciousness. Furthermore, IIT offers potential explanations for the qualitative diversity of conscious experiences based on specific informational structures within neural systems. However, IIT faces substantial challenges. The theory makes counterintuitive predictions, suggesting consciousness exists in systems typically considered non-conscious, potentially including certain computing systems with sufficient integration. Empirically, while evidence supports associations between integration and consciousness, direct verification of IIT's specific mathematical formulations remains challenging due to computational limitations in calculating Φ for complex neural systems. Additionally, some critics argue that IIT conflates information-theoretic properties with phenomenal properties without adequately explaining why integrated information should generate subjective experience. Higher-Order Theories (HOTs) present yet another framework, proposing that consciousness emerges when cognitive systems develop representations of their own mental states. A mental state becomes conscious when it becomes the object of a higher-order representation—essentially, consciousness requires some form of meta-awareness or self-monitoring. Various formulations differ regarding whether these higher-order representations must be thought-like (higher-order thought theories) or perception-like (higher-order perception theories) and whether they must be accurate representations of first-order states. HOTs offer the strength of accounting for the self-reflective quality of consciousness—our awareness not only of external stimuli but of our own mental states. The theories align with evidence of prefrontal cortical involvement in conscious awareness and explain phenomena like blindsight, where first-order perceptual processing occurs without conscious awareness due to disrupted higher-order representations. Neurobiologically, these theories connect with evidence that prefrontal regions, implicated in metacognitive functions, play important roles in conscious awareness. However, HOTs face significant challenges explaining phenomenal consciousness, particularly how higher-order representations generate qualitative experiences rather than merely enabling cognitive access to information. Critics also question whether these theories can account for non-reflective forms of consciousness that seem to lack explicit self-monitoring, such as flow states or absorption in immediate sensory experiences. Recent theoretical developments have increasingly emphasized hybrid or complementary frameworks rather than viewing these theories as mutually exclusive. Recurrent Processing Theory (RPT), developed by Victor Lamme and others, suggests consciousness emerges from recurrent processing loops between brain areas, emphasizing the importance of feedback connections in generating conscious percepts. Predictive Processing frameworks propose that consciousness emerges from the brain's continual prediction of sensory inputs and minimization of prediction errors. These approaches potentially complement aspects of existing theories while offering new perspectives on consciousness's neural mechanisms. Moving forward, several directions appear promising for advancing consciousness theories. Greater integration between information-theoretic approaches and specific neural mechanisms may bridge abstract formulations with concrete neural implementation. Novel methodologies like no-report paradigms that disentangle consciousness from reporting processes may help isolate neural correlates of consciousness from confounding factors. Developmental approaches studying consciousness in infants and comparative neuroscience examining consciousness across species may help identify necessary and sufficient neural conditions for conscious experience. In conclusion, while each major theory has contributed valuable insights into specific aspects of consciousness, none currently provides a complete account of how neural activity generates subjective experience. The field's progress will likely require integrating these frameworks' complementary strengths while developing increasingly refined empirical methods to test their predictions. The significant advances in consciousness research over recent decades suggest that continued integration of philosophical analysis, computational modeling, and empirical neuroscience may eventually yield more comprehensive accounts of consciousness's neural basis.", "The neural basis of consciousness represents one of the most profound and enduring challenges in neuroscience, intersecting questions of biology, philosophy, and psychology. Contemporary neuroscience has generated several sophisticated theoretical frameworks attempting to explain how subjective experience emerges from neural activity. Evaluating these competing theories requires examining their conceptual foundations, empirical support, explanatory scope, and limitations in addressing the multifaceted dimensions of conscious experience. Global Workspace Theory (GWT), initially proposed by Bernard Baars and subsequently developed by Stanislas Dehaene, Lionel Naccache, and others, conceptualizes consciousness as emerging from the global broadcasting of information across the brain. According to this framework, the brain contains multiple specialized, unconscious processing modules operating in parallel, while consciousness arises when information from these modules gains access to a limited-capacity global workspace that makes this information widely available to various brain systems including working memory, language, and decision-making processes. This global availability is proposed to underlie the reportability characteristic of conscious experiences. GWT's explanatory strengths include its alignment with substantial empirical evidence. Neuroimaging studies consistently demonstrate that conscious perception correlates with synchronized, large-scale activity involving frontoparietal networks, while unconscious processing typically remains localized to sensory regions. Studies using techniques like masking, attentional blink paradigms, and binocular rivalry support the theory's predictions regarding the transition from unconscious to conscious processing. The theory elegantly accounts for the limited capacity of consciousness, explaining phenomena like inattentional blindness and the attentional blink. Recent elaborations like Dehaene's Global Neuronal Workspace Model provide increasingly specific neural implementation details, suggesting that workspace neurons with long-range axons in prefrontal and parietal regions enable the global broadcasting mechanism. However, GWT faces significant limitations. Most fundamentally, while it addresses the functional architecture supporting conscious access, it doesn't fully explain why global broadcasting generates subjective experience—the \"hard problem\" of consciousness articulated by philosopher David Chalmers remains unaddressed. The theory focuses primarily on access consciousness (information available for cognitive processing) rather than phenomenal consciousness (subjective experience itself). GWT also struggles to account for the qualitative diversity of conscious experiences or qualia—why global broadcasting of visual information produces subjective experiences so qualitatively different from auditory or emotional experiences. Integrated Information Theory (IIT), developed by Giulio Tononi and expanded by collaborators including Christof Koch, takes a markedly different approach, proposing that consciousness is identical to a certain type of information integration within a system. The theory posits that consciousness emerges in any system that integrates information in specific ways, quantified by a value called phi (Φ), which measures the amount of information generated by a complex of elements above and beyond the information generated by its parts. The quality of conscious experience is determined by the specific informational relationships within the system, while the quantity (or level) of consciousness corresponds to the amount of integrated information. Unlike most neuroscientific theories that begin with neural mechanisms and attempt to explain consciousness, IIT begins with phenomenological axioms about the essential properties of consciousness (intrinsicality, composition, information, integration, exclusion) and derives postulates about the physical systems capable of supporting these properties. IIT's strengths include its mathematical formalism, offering quantitative predictions about consciousness across different systems, and its approach to addressing both structural and phenomenological aspects of consciousness simultaneously. The theory aligns with evidence that consciousness diminishes as neural integration decreases, as seen in deep sleep, general anesthesia, and disorders of consciousness. Clinically, measures derived from IIT have shown promise in distinguishing different levels of consciousness in non-communicative patients. Furthermore, IIT offers potential explanations for the qualitative diversity of conscious experiences based on the specific informational structures involved. However, IIT faces substantial theoretical and empirical challenges. The theory makes counterintuitive predictions, suggesting that consciousness exists in any system with integrated information, potentially including simple computing systems—implications that many find problematic. Empirically, while evidence supports associations between integration and consciousness, direct verification of IIT's specific mathematical formulations remains challenging due to computational limitations in calculating Φ for complex neural systems like the human brain. Additionally, some critics argue that IIT conflates information-theoretic properties with phenomenal properties without adequately explaining why integrated information should generate subjective experience rather than simply functioning without phenomenology. Higher-Order Theories (HOTs) present yet another framework, proposing that consciousness emerges when cognitive systems develop representations of their own mental states. In these theories, a mental state becomes conscious when it becomes the object of a higher-order representation—essentially, consciousness requires some form of meta-awareness or self-monitoring. Various formulations differ regarding whether these higher-order representations must be thought-like (higher-order thought theories) or perception-like (higher-order perception theories) and whether they must be accurate representations of first-order states. HOTs offer the strength of accounting for the self-reflective quality of consciousness—our awareness not only of external stimuli but of our own mental states. The theories align with evidence of prefrontal cortical involvement in conscious awareness, particularly regions associated with metacognitive functions. HOTs explain phenomena like blindsight, where first-order perceptual processing occurs without conscious awareness due to disrupted higher-order representations. Additionally, the theories account for cases where consciousness seems to dissociate from first-order processing, such as in hallucinations or dreams, where higher-order representations occur without corresponding first-order states. However, HOTs face significant challenges explaining phenomenal consciousness, particularly how higher-order representations generate qualitative experiences rather than merely enabling cognitive access to information. Critics question whether these theories can account for non-reflective forms of consciousness that seem to lack explicit self-monitoring, such as flow states or absorption in immediate sensory experiences. Additionally, the theories face challenges from developmental and comparative perspectives, as they must account for consciousness in beings with potentially limited metacognitive capacities. Recent developments in the field have increasingly emphasized hybrid or complementary approaches rather than viewing these theories as mutually exclusive. Recurrent Processing Theory, developed by Victor Lamme and others, emphasizes the importance of feedback connections in generating conscious percepts, potentially bridging aspects of global workspace and higher-order approaches. Predictive processing frameworks suggest consciousness emerges from the brain's continual prediction of sensory inputs and minimization of prediction errors, potentially compatible with multiple existing theories. Moving forward, several directions appear promising for advancing consciousness theories. Greater integration between information-theoretic approaches and specific neural mechanisms may bridge abstract formulations with concrete neural implementation. Novel methodologies that disentangle consciousness from reporting processes may help isolate neural correlates of consciousness from confounding factors. Developmental and comparative approaches studying consciousness across development and species may help identify necessary and sufficient neural conditions for different aspects of conscious experience. In conclusion, while each major theory offers valuable insights into specific aspects of consciousness, none currently provides a complete account of how neural activity generates subjective experience. The most productive approach likely involves integrating these frameworks' complementary strengths while developing increasingly refined empirical methods to test their predictions. Progress requires both conceptual clarity about precisely what phenomena theories aim to explain and methodological innovations for studying consciousness beyond traditional neuroimaging and self-report paradigms."],
    hints: "Evaluate current neuroscientific theories of consciousness (Global Workspace Theory, Integrated Information Theory, Higher-Order Theories), analyzing explanatory strengths and limitations of each framework in accounting for the neural basis of conscious experience.",
    expectedKeywords: ["consciousness", "Global Workspace Theory", "Integrated Information Theory", "Higher-Order Theories", "neural correlates", "subjective experience", "qualia", "access consciousness", "phenomenal consciousness", "global broadcasting", "integration", "phi", "meta-awareness", "frontoparietal network", "hard problem", "empirical evidence", "theoretical limitations", "explanatory power", "recurrent processing", "predictive coding"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation of neuroscientific theories of consciousness demonstrates exceptional conceptual understanding. Building on this analysis, let's explore another fundamental question in cognitive neuroscience: How would you assess current models of memory formation and consolidation at multiple levels of neural organization, from molecular mechanisms to systems-level processes? Consider how these different levels of analysis complement each other in explaining phenomena such as episodic memory formation, reconsolidation, and memory disorders.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of consciousness theories. Could you develop your evaluation further by more explicitly addressing the explanatory strengths and limitations of each framework—Global Workspace Theory, Integrated Information Theory, and Higher-Order Theories—in accounting for the neural basis of conscious experience?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating the current state of neuroscientific theories of consciousness, particularly addressing the explanatory strengths and limitations of major competing frameworks such as Global Workspace Theory, Integrated Information Theory, and Higher-Order Theories in accounting for the neural basis of conscious experience."
    }
  }, {
    id: 2,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation of neuroscientific theories of consciousness demonstrates exceptional conceptual understanding. Building on this analysis, let's explore another fundamental question in cognitive neuroscience: How would you assess current models of memory formation and consolidation at multiple levels of neural organization, from molecular mechanisms to systems-level processes? Consider how these different levels of analysis complement each other in explaining phenomena such as episodic memory formation, reconsolidation, and memory disorders.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Memory formation and consolidation represent quintessential examples of neural processes that span multiple levels of organization, from molecular signaling cascades to large-scale brain networks. Current neuroscientific models at each level offer complementary insights, collectively generating an increasingly comprehensive understanding of how memories are formed, stored, stabilized, and sometimes disrupted. Assessing these multi-level models requires examining how they account for memory phenomena and how their integration advances our understanding beyond what any single level of analysis could provide. At the molecular level, memory formation begins with activity-dependent changes in synaptic strength, predominantly through long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD). The molecular cascade underlying LTP exemplifies how transient experiences induce enduring neural changes. When glutamate binds to NMDA receptors during sufficient postsynaptic depolarization, calcium influx activates calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII), protein kinase A, and other signaling molecules. These activate transcription factors like CREB, initiating gene expression and protein synthesis that structurally remodel synapses through increased AMPA receptor insertion, dendritic spine enlargement, and formation of new synaptic connections. Recent molecular models have significantly advanced beyond this classic framework. Epigenetic mechanisms, including histone modifications and DNA methylation, are now recognized as critical regulators of the gene expression underlying memory consolidation, explaining how environmental experiences can cause lasting changes in neural function. Protein synthesis timing has been refined to distinguish initial memory encoding (largely protein synthesis-independent) from consolidation (protein synthesis-dependent). The discovery of engram-specific tagging molecules like Arc and activity-regulated cytoskeleton-associated protein has elucidated how specific neuronal ensembles are recruited during learning. However, molecular models alone cannot explain memory's cooperative properties across brain regions or account for different memory systems. At the cellular and circuit levels, models focus on coordinated activity patterns across neuronal ensembles. Donald Hebb's postulate that \"neurons that fire together, wire together\" has evolved into sophisticated models of spike-timing-dependent plasticity, explaining how temporal relationships between neuronal firing patterns determine synaptic strengthening or weakening. Increasing attention has focused on engram cells—specific neuronal populations that are activated during learning and whose subsequent reactivation drives memory recall. Optogenetic studies have demonstrated that artificially activating these ensembles can induce memory retrieval, while inhibiting them impairs recall, providing causal evidence for engram theory. Circuit-level models have particularly advanced our understanding of memory systems consolidation. The hippocampal-neocortical dialogue model proposes that new episodic memories are initially encoded via rapid synaptic changes in the hippocampus, which serves as a temporary storage site. During subsequent offline periods, particularly sleep, hippocampal reactivation of recent experiences drives cortical plasticity through coordinated replay events, gradually transferring memories to neocortical networks for long-term storage. This process explains why hippocampal damage produces temporally graded retrograde amnesia, with recent memories more severely affected than remote ones. Contemporary circuit models increasingly emphasize oscillatory dynamics in memory processes. Theta rhythms coordinate hippocampal-cortical communication during encoding, while sharp-wave ripples during slow-wave sleep facilitate memory replay and consolidation. Cross-frequency coupling, particularly theta-gamma phase-amplitude coupling, provides a mechanism for binding individual memory elements into coherent representations. These oscillatory models help explain both successful memory formation and pathological states; for instance, disrupted ripple-spindle coupling correlates with impaired memory consolidation in aging. At the systems level, network neuroscience models conceptualize memory as emerging from interactions between distributed brain regions rather than residing in discrete locations. The posterior-medial and anterior-temporal networks differentially support contextual and conceptual aspects of episodic memory, respectively. The default mode network's role in both episodic memory and spontaneous cognition helps explain memory's constructive nature. Large-scale models have been particularly valuable in explaining memory reconsolidation—the process by which memories temporarily destabilize upon retrieval, requiring renewed protein synthesis for restabilization. This phenomenon, which allows memories to be updated or modified during the reconsolidation window, involves coordinated activity across hippocampal-amygdalar-cortical circuits, with different components mediating emotional, contextual, and sensory aspects of memory. The systems-level perspective reveals how reconsolidation's adaptive value comes with vulnerability—memories can be strengthened by integration with new information but also distorted or weakened during the labile period. The integration of these multi-level models has been especially powerful for understanding memory disorders. Alzheimer's disease illustrates this integrative approach: molecular models explain how amyloid-β and tau pathology disrupt synaptic function through mechanisms including NMDA receptor dysfunction and dendritic spine loss; circuit models reveal how these molecular disruptions impair hippocampal-cortical communication and memory replay during consolidation; systems models demonstrate how pathology spreads along connected networks, explaining the typical progression of memory symptoms from episodic to semantic and eventually procedural impairments. Post-traumatic stress disorder similarly demonstrates multi-level integration: molecular studies reveal how stress hormones enhance amygdalar plasticity while impairing hippocampal function; circuit models explain how this creates strong emotional memories with impoverished contextual integration; systems models clarify how altered functional connectivity between the amygdala, hippocampus, and prefrontal cortex underlies symptoms like intrusive memories and impaired fear extinction. Despite significant advances, important questions remain at each level and their integration. Molecularly, how specific synapses are tagged for modification during learning remains incompletely understood. At the circuit level, the precise mechanisms translating reactivation during sleep into systems consolidation need further elucidation. Systems models still struggle to explain individual differences in memory ability and vulnerability to disorders. These gaps highlight both the complexity of memory processes and opportunities for future research. Looking forward, several approaches promise to advance integrated memory models. New techniques for monitoring and manipulating neural activity with molecular precision in behaving animals allow simultaneous investigation across multiple levels. Human studies combining genetics, high-resolution neuroimaging, and computational modeling increasingly bridge animal models with human cognition. Network neuroscience approaches modeling the brain as a complex, dynamic system help integrate findings across spatial and temporal scales. In conclusion, contemporary models of memory formation and consolidation demonstrate the necessity of multi-level analysis in neuroscience. Molecular mechanisms explain how transient experiences cause enduring neural changes; cellular and circuit processes elucidate how these changes are coordinated across neuronal ensembles; systems-level analyses reveal how distributed networks support different memory functions. While no single level provides a complete explanation, their integration offers increasingly comprehensive accounts of both normal memory formation and pathological states. This multi-level approach exemplifies how neuroscience can bridge traditionally separate domains of analysis, from molecules to mind, in understanding complex cognitive functions.", "Memory formation and consolidation represent neural processes that span multiple levels of organization, from molecular signaling cascades to distributed brain networks. Contemporary neuroscientific models at each level offer complementary insights that, when integrated, provide a more comprehensive understanding of how memories are encoded, stabilized, and sometimes disrupted. Assessing these multi-level approaches requires examining both their individual contributions and their collective explanatory power across normal memory phenomena and pathological conditions. At the molecular level, memory formation begins with activity-dependent changes in synaptic strength, most notably through long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD). The molecular cascade underlying these processes exemplifies how transient experiences can induce enduring neural changes. During LTP induction, glutamate release activates AMPA receptors, depolarizing the postsynaptic membrane and removing the magnesium block from NMDA receptors. The resulting calcium influx activates various kinases, particularly calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII), protein kinase A, and mitogen-activated protein kinase. These kinases activate transcription factors like CREB (cAMP response element-binding protein), initiating gene expression and protein synthesis necessary for structural remodeling of synapses, including increased AMPA receptor insertion, dendritic spine enlargement, and formation of new synaptic connections. Recent molecular models have significantly expanded beyond this classic framework. Epigenetic mechanisms, including histone acetylation, methylation, and DNA methylation, are now recognized as critical regulators of the gene expression underlying memory consolidation. Protein synthesis has been demonstrated to occur in distinct temporal phases, with initial memory encoding being largely protein synthesis-independent while consolidation requires protein synthesis. The discovery of engram-specific tagging molecules like Arc (activity-regulated cytoskeleton-associated protein) has elucidated how specific neuronal ensembles are recruited during learning. However, molecular models alone cannot explain many memory phenomena, including the cooperative properties of memory across brain regions or the distinctive characteristics of different memory systems. At the cellular and circuit levels, models focus on how neurons function as ensembles and how their coordinated activity patterns support memory. Donald Hebb's postulate that \"neurons that fire together, wire together\" has evolved into sophisticated models of spike-timing-dependent plasticity, explaining how the precise temporal relationships between pre- and postsynaptic activity determine whether synapses strengthen or weaken. Circuit-level models have been particularly illuminating for understanding systems consolidation—the process by which memories gradually transition from hippocampal to neocortical dependence. The standard model of systems consolidation posits that new episodic memories are initially encoded via rapid synaptic changes in the hippocampus, which serves as a temporary storage site. During subsequent offline periods, particularly slow-wave sleep, hippocampal reactivation of recent experiences drives cortical plasticity through coordinated replay events. This hippocampal-neocortical dialogue gradually transfers memories to distributed cortical networks for long-term storage, explaining the temporally graded retrograde amnesia observed following hippocampal damage. Contemporary circuit models increasingly emphasize the role of oscillatory dynamics in memory processes. Theta rhythms (4-8 Hz) coordinate hippocampal-cortical communication during encoding, while sharp-wave ripples (150-250 Hz) during slow-wave sleep facilitate memory replay and consolidation. Cross-frequency coupling, particularly theta-gamma phase-amplitude coupling, provides a mechanism for binding individual memory elements into coherent representations. These oscillatory models help explain both successful memory formation and pathological states; for instance, disrupted slow oscillation-spindle-ripple coupling correlates with impaired memory consolidation in aging. At the systems level, network neuroscience models conceptualize memory as emerging from interactions between distributed brain regions rather than residing in discrete locations. Functional connectivity analyses have identified networks specifically involved in different aspects of memory processing, including the posterior-medial and anterior-temporal networks supporting contextual and conceptual aspects of episodic memory, respectively. The default mode network's involvement in both episodic memory and spontaneous cognition helps explain memory's constructive nature. Systems-level models have been particularly valuable in explaining memory reconsolidation—the process by which consolidated memories temporarily destabilize upon retrieval, requiring renewed protein synthesis for restabilization. This phenomenon, which allows memories to be updated or modified during the reconsolidation window, involves coordinated activity across hippocampal-amygdalar-cortical circuits. The systems perspective reveals how reconsolidation's adaptive value comes with vulnerability—memories can be strengthened by integration with new information but also disrupted or weakened during the labile period. The integration of these multi-level models has proven especially powerful for understanding memory disorders. Alzheimer's disease illustrates this integrative approach: molecular models explain how amyloid-β oligomers and tau pathology disrupt synaptic function through mechanisms including NMDA receptor dysfunction and dendritic spine loss; circuit models reveal how these molecular disruptions impair hippocampal-cortical communication and memory replay during consolidation; systems models demonstrate how pathology spreads along connected networks, explaining the typical progression of memory symptoms. Similarly, for post-traumatic stress disorder, molecular studies reveal how stress hormones enhance amygdalar plasticity while impairing hippocampal function; circuit models explain how this creates strong emotional memories with impoverished contextual integration; systems models clarify how altered functional connectivity between the amygdala, hippocampus, and prefrontal cortex underlies symptoms like intrusive memories and impaired extinction learning. Despite significant advances, important questions remain at each level and their integration. Molecularly, how specific synapses are tagged for modification during learning remains incompletely understood. At the circuit level, the precise mechanisms translating reactivation during sleep into systems consolidation need further elucidation. Systems models still struggle to explain individual differences in memory ability and vulnerability to disorders. These gaps highlight both the complexity of memory processes and opportunities for future research. Looking forward, several approaches promise to advance integrated memory models. New techniques for monitoring and manipulating neural activity with molecular precision in behaving animals allow simultaneous investigation across multiple levels. Human studies combining genetics, high-resolution neuroimaging, and computational modeling increasingly bridge animal models with human memory. Computational approaches modeling the brain as a complex, dynamic system help integrate findings across spatial and temporal scales. In conclusion, contemporary models of memory formation and consolidation demonstrate the necessity of multi-level analysis in neuroscience. Molecular mechanisms explain how transient experiences cause enduring neural changes; cellular and circuit processes elucidate how these changes are coordinated across neuronal ensembles; systems-level analyses reveal how distributed networks support different memory functions. While no single level provides a complete explanation, their integration offers increasingly comprehensive accounts of both normal memory processes and pathological conditions.", "Memory formation and consolidation represent neural processes that span multiple levels of organization..."],
    hints: "Assess current models of memory formation and consolidation across multiple levels of neural organization (molecular to systems-level), analyzing how these different levels complement each other in explaining episodic memory formation, reconsolidation, and memory disorders.",
    expectedKeywords: ["memory formation", "consolidation", "molecular mechanisms", "synaptic plasticity", "long-term potentiation", "engram cells", "hippocampal-cortical dialogue", "systems consolidation", "neural oscillations", "reconsolidation", "memory disorders", "sleep", "CREB", "protein synthesis", "neuronal ensembles", "default mode network", "Alzheimer's disease", "multi-level analysis", "epigenetic", "sharp-wave ripples"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["memory formation", "memory consolidation", "molecular mechanisms", "synaptic plasticity", "long-term potentiation", "engram cells", "hippocampal-cortical dialogue", "systems consolidation", "neural oscillations", "memory reconsolidation", "memory disorders", "protein synthesis", "neuronal ensembles", "multi-level analysis", "epigenetic mechanisms", "sharp-wave ripples"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your assessment of memory formation and consolidation models demonstrates exceptional neuroscientific understanding. Let's now explore the relationship between brain and behavior from a different perspective: How would you analyze current neuroscientific models of decision-making, particularly focusing on the integration of reward processing, emotional influences, and cognitive control? Consider how these models explain both adaptive decision processes and decision-making pathologies in conditions like addiction or mood disorders.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of memory formation and consolidation. Could you develop your assessment further by addressing more explicitly how the different levels of neural organization complement each other in explaining phenomena such as episodic memory formation, reconsolidation, and memory disorders?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on assessing current models of memory formation and consolidation at multiple levels of neural organization, from molecular mechanisms to systems-level processes, specifically considering how these different levels of analysis complement each other in explaining phenomena such as episodic memory formation, reconsolidation, and memory disorders."
    }
  }, {
    id: 3,
    botMessage: "Your assessment of memory formation and consolidation models demonstrates exceptional neuroscientific understanding. Let's now explore the relationship between brain and behavior from a different perspective: How would you analyze current neuroscientific models of decision-making, particularly focusing on the integration of reward processing, emotional influences, and cognitive control? Consider how these models explain both adaptive decision processes and decision-making pathologies in conditions like addiction or mood disorders.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Decision-making represents a complex neurocognitive process that integrates multiple neural systems, from those processing basic reward information to elaborate cognitive control networks. Contemporary neuroscientific models of decision-making have evolved from relatively isolated accounts of specific systems toward increasingly integrated frameworks that consider how reward processing, emotional influences, and cognitive control interact to shape both adaptive choices and pathological decision patterns. Analyzing these models requires examining their conceptual foundations, empirical support, and explanatory power for both typical decision-making and clinical conditions characterized by decision-making impairments. Reward processing systems form a foundational component of decision-making models, with the mesolimbic dopamine pathway playing a central role. The reward prediction error model, developed from pioneering work by Schultz and colleagues, demonstrates how dopaminergic neurons encode the difference between expected and received rewards, thereby driving reinforcement learning. This model explains how organisms learn action-outcome contingencies through phasic dopamine signals, with unpredicted rewards generating positive prediction errors (increased dopamine firing) that strengthen neural connections between contextual cues and rewarded actions, while reward omission produces negative prediction errors (decreased dopamine firing) that weaken these associations. Contemporary models have refined this basic framework in several ways. Computational approaches distinguish between model-free reinforcement learning systems that incrementally strengthen reward associations based on experience, and model-based systems that use internal representations of the environment to simulate potential outcomes and guide choices. These systems map onto distinct neural circuits, with model-free learning primarily involving the ventral striatum and associated dopaminergic projections from the ventral tegmental area, while model-based learning engages a network including the prefrontal cortex, hippocampus, and dorsomedial striatum. This distinction helps explain habitual versus goal-directed decisions and shows how adaptive decision-making typically integrates both systems. Recent research has also expanded beyond dopamine to recognize the contribution of multiple neuromodulatory systems to reward processing. Opioid systems, particularly in the nucleus accumbens and ventral pallidum, modulate the hedonic impact or \"liking\" of rewards, while dopamine primarily mediates \"wanting\" or incentive salience. Serotonergic systems influence reward valuation over different time horizons, with disruptions potentially explaining the temporal myopia observed in impulsive decision-making. These refinements help explain dissociations between different aspects of reward (e.g., cases where individuals want rewards they no longer like) and provide more nuanced accounts of reward-related pathologies. Emotional influences on decision-making have been incorporated into neuroscientific models primarily through two complementary frameworks. The somatic marker hypothesis, proposed by Damasio, emphasizes how embodied emotional responses guide decisions by associating potential choices with previously experienced physiological states. This model highlights the ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC) as critical for integrating these bodily signals into decision processes, explaining why vmPFC damage produces seemingly rational individuals who nonetheless make poor real-world decisions due to emotional disconnection. Complementing this, dual-process models distinguish between an automatic, emotion-driven system centered on the amygdala and ventral striatum, and a deliberative, cognitively-mediated system involving lateral prefrontal regions. These models explain how emotional reactions can either facilitate adaptive decisions by rapidly highlighting relevant options or lead to suboptimal choices when emotional reactions are misaligned with long-term goals. Contemporary research has moved beyond simple emotion-cognition dichotomies to examine specific emotional dimensions and their neural substrates. Fear circuitry, centered on the amygdala, drives risk avoidance and harm prevention, while reward anticipation engages nucleus accumbens circuits generating approach motivation. These systems operate in dynamic balance, with their relative engagement shifting across contexts and individuals. The anterior insula plays a particularly important role in representing interoceptive signals that contribute to both reward valuation and risk assessment, while the anterior cingulate cortex integrates information about rewards and punishments to compute the expected value of control allocation. These specific emotional circuits interface with cognitive control networks to shape decisions based on both emotional salience and regulatory goals. Cognitive control systems, implemented primarily through prefrontal cortical networks, regulate decision-making by maintaining goal representations, inhibiting prepotent responses, and flexibly directing attention. The hierarchical organization of prefrontal function, from concrete action control in motor regions to increasingly abstract goal representations in anterior prefrontal areas, provides a framework for understanding how control is implemented across decision timeframes and complexity levels. Working memory processes supported by dorsolateral prefrontal circuits maintain decision-relevant information, while orbitofrontal regions represent the value of specific outcomes and lateral frontopolar areas enable comparative evaluation between options. Regulatory control implemented by lateral prefrontal regions modulates activity in subcortical emotional and reward circuits, providing mechanisms for overriding immediate impulses in favor of long-term goals. This capacity depends on functional connectivity between prefrontal regions and subcortical targets, explaining how developmental changes in these connections correspond to improvements in self-regulation and decision quality. Integration across these systems occurs through both structural connections and functional interactions. The striatum serves as a critical integration hub, receiving converging inputs from prefrontal control regions, emotional circuits, and reward pathways. Similarly, the anterior cingulate cortex monitors conflicts between competing response tendencies and signals the need for increased control allocation. Recent network neuroscience approaches emphasize how flexible coordination between large-scale brain networks, including the default mode, salience, and frontoparietal control networks, underlies adaptive decision-making across contexts. These integrated models explain how decision-making adapts to environmental demands, with different neural systems taking precedence depending on factors like decision complexity, time constraints, and motivational context. Under high cognitive load or time pressure, model-free systems dominate, producing habitual responses based on prior reinforcement. When deliberative resources are available, model-based systems enable prospective evaluation of outcomes. The orchestration of these systems depends on metacognitive processes that regulate strategy selection based on perceived decision importance and available cognitive resources. Decision-making pathologies in clinical conditions can be understood through disruptions to these integrated systems. Addiction involves progressive dysregulation across multiple components: sensitization of dopaminergic reward prediction systems to drug-associated cues; diminished opioid-mediated hedonic capacity creating a \"reward deficit\"; impaired prefrontal regulation of subcortical reward responses; and altered interoceptive processing in insular circuits that normally signal aversive withdrawal states. This multi-component model explains addiction's complexity beyond simple \"reward excess\" accounts, clarifying why interventions targeting single mechanisms often prove insufficient. Similarly, mood disorders feature characteristic decision-making alterations explained by specific neural disruptions. Depression involves blunted striatal responses to rewards, hyperactive amygdala responses to negative outcomes, and diminished prefrontal regulation, collectively producing negatively-biased valuations and reduced motivation. Anxiety disorders feature heightened amygdala and insular responses to potential threats, altered prefrontal-amygdala connectivity that reduces extinction learning, and attentional biases toward threat detection at the expense of reward processing. These specific alterations explain distinctive decision patterns seen clinically, such as risk-avoidance in anxiety and effort-avoidance in depression. Recent approaches have moved toward computational psychiatry frameworks that formalize these disruptions in mathematical terms. These models specify precise mechanisms through which neural alterations manifest as computational abnormalities—such as reduced reward sensitivity parameters in depression or asymmetric learning rates for gains versus losses in anxiety. This approach enables more precise characterization of individual differences in decision-making pathologies and potentially more targeted interventions based on specific computational disruptions rather than broader diagnostic categories. While current integrated models of decision-making have advanced substantially, important challenges remain. The relationship between neural activity and subjective experience remains incompletely understood, particularly regarding how reward signals and emotional states are consciously experienced and integrated into deliberative choices. Individual differences in decision-making tendencies likely reflect complex interactions between genetic factors, developmental experiences, and current contextual influences that are difficult to disentangle. Moreover, laboratory decision paradigms may inadequately capture the complexity of real-world decisions embedded in social contexts and extended temporal horizons. Looking forward, several promising directions may address these limitations. Developmental cognitive neuroscience approaches examining how decision systems mature can clarify how early experiences shape later decision tendencies. Neuroeconomic models incorporating social factors like fairness and reciprocity extend decision frameworks beyond individual reward maximization. Ecological approaches studying decisions in naturalistic contexts may better capture how integrated neural systems operate in complex, dynamic environments. In conclusion, contemporary neuroscientific models of decision-making increasingly recognize that choices emerge from interactions between reward processing, emotional influences, and cognitive control systems. These integrated models explain both adaptive decision-making calibrated to environmental demands and decision pathologies characterized by dysfunctional interactions between these systems. The continued refinement of these models, particularly through computational approaches that formalize underlying mechanisms, promises increasingly sophisticated accounts of the neural bases of human decision-making in both health and disease.", "Neuroscientific models of decision-making have evolved dramatically over recent decades, progressing from relatively isolated accounts of specific neural systems toward increasingly integrated frameworks that consider how reward processing, emotional influences, and cognitive control interact to shape choices. Analyzing these models requires examining their conceptual foundations, empirical support, and explanatory power for both adaptive decision processes and the decision-making pathologies observed in conditions like addiction and mood disorders. Reward processing systems form a foundational component of decision-making models, with the mesolimbic dopamine pathway playing a central role. The reward prediction error model, emerging from pioneering work by Wolfram Schultz and colleagues, demonstrates how dopaminergic neurons in the ventral tegmental area encode the difference between expected and received rewards, thereby driving reinforcement learning. This model explains how organisms learn action-outcome contingencies through phasic dopamine signals that strengthen or weaken neural connections between contextual cues and actions depending on whether outcomes exceed or fall short of expectations. Contemporary models have refined this basic framework in several important ways. Computational neuroscience approaches distinguish between model-free reinforcement learning systems that incrementally strengthen reward associations based on direct experience, and model-based systems that use internal representations of the environment to simulate potential outcomes and guide choices. These systems map onto distinct neural circuits, with model-free learning primarily involving the ventral striatum and its dopaminergic inputs, while model-based learning engages a network including the prefrontal cortex, hippocampus, and dorsomedial striatum. This distinction helps explain habitual versus goal-directed decisions and shows how adaptive decision-making typically requires a balance between these complementary systems. Recent research has also expanded beyond dopamine to recognize the contribution of multiple neuromodulatory systems to reward processing. Opioid systems, particularly in the nucleus accumbens and ventral pallidum, modulate the hedonic impact or \"liking\" of rewards, while dopamine primarily mediates \"wanting\" or incentive salience. Serotonergic systems influence reward valuation across different time horizons, with disruptions potentially explaining the temporal myopia observed in impulsive decision-making. These refinements help explain dissociations between different aspects of reward (e.g., cases where individuals want rewards they no longer like) and provide more nuanced accounts of reward-related pathologies. Emotional influences on decision-making have been incorporated into neuroscientific models primarily through two complementary frameworks. The somatic marker hypothesis, proposed by Antonio Damasio, emphasizes how embodied emotional responses guide decisions by associating potential choices with previously experienced physiological states. This model highlights the ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC) as critical for integrating these bodily signals into decision processes, explaining why vmPFC damage produces seemingly rational individuals who nonetheless make poor real-world decisions due to emotional disconnection. Complementing this, dual-process models distinguish between an automatic, emotion-driven system centered on the amygdala and ventral striatum, and a deliberative, cognitively-mediated system involving lateral prefrontal regions. These models explain how emotional reactions can either facilitate adaptive decisions by rapidly highlighting relevant options or lead to suboptimal choices when emotional reactions are misaligned with long-term goals. Contemporary research has moved beyond simple emotion-cognition dichotomies to examine specific emotional dimensions and their neural substrates. Fear circuitry, centered on the amygdala, drives risk avoidance and harm prevention, while reward anticipation engages nucleus accumbens circuits generating approach motivation. The anterior insula plays a particularly important role in representing interoceptive signals that contribute to risk assessment and decision uncertainty, while the anterior cingulate cortex helps compute the expected value of control allocation by integrating information about rewards and effort costs. These specific emotional circuits interface with cognitive control networks to shape decisions based on both emotional salience and regulatory goals. Cognitive control systems, implemented primarily through prefrontal cortical networks, regulate decision-making by maintaining goal representations, inhibiting prepotent responses, and flexibly allocating attentional resources. The hierarchical organization of prefrontal function, from concrete action selection in motor regions to increasingly abstract goal representations in anterior prefrontal areas, provides a framework for understanding how control is implemented across different decision timeframes and complexity levels. Working memory processes supported by dorsolateral prefrontal circuits maintain and manipulate decision-relevant information, while orbitofrontal regions represent the value of specific outcomes and lateral frontopolar areas enable comparative evaluation between options. Regulatory control implemented through lateral and ventromedial prefrontal regions modulates activity in subcortical emotional and reward circuits, providing mechanisms for overriding immediate impulses in favor of long-term goals. This capacity depends on functional connectivity between prefrontal regions and subcortical targets, explaining how developmental changes in these connections correspond to improvements in self-regulation and decision quality. Integration across these systems occurs through both structural connections and functional interactions. The striatum serves as a critical integration hub, receiving converging inputs from prefrontal control regions, emotional circuits, and midbrain reward pathways. Recent network neuroscience approaches emphasize how flexible coordination between large-scale brain networks, including the default mode, salience, and frontoparietal control networks, underlies adaptive decision-making across contexts. These integrated models explain how decision-making adapts to environmental demands, with different neural systems taking precedence depending on factors like decision complexity, time constraints, and motivational context. Under high cognitive load or time pressure, model-free systems dominate, producing habitual responses based on prior reinforcement. When deliberative resources are available and stakes warrant the cognitive investment, model-based systems enable prospective evaluation of outcomes. The orchestration of these systems depends on metacognitive processes that regulate strategy selection based on perceived decision importance and available cognitive resources. Decision-making pathologies in clinical conditions can be understood through disruptions to these integrated systems. Addiction involves progressive dysregulation across multiple components: sensitization of dopaminergic reward prediction systems to drug-associated cues; diminished opioid-mediated hedonic capacity creating a \"reward deficit\"; impaired prefrontal regulation of subcortical reward responses; and altered interoceptive processing in insular circuits that normally signal aversive withdrawal states. This multi-component model explains addiction's complexity beyond simple \"reward excess\" accounts, clarifying why interventions targeting single mechanisms often prove insufficient. Similarly, mood disorders feature characteristic decision-making alterations explained by specific neural disruptions. Depression involves blunted striatal responses to rewards, hyperactive amygdala responses to negative outcomes, and diminished prefrontal regulation, collectively producing negatively-biased valuations and reduced motivation. Anxiety disorders feature heightened amygdala and insular responses to potential threats, altered prefrontal-amygdala connectivity that reduces extinction learning, and attentional biases toward threat detection at the expense of reward processing. These specific alterations explain distinctive decision patterns seen clinically, such as risk-avoidance in anxiety and effort-avoidance in depression. Recent approaches have moved toward computational psychiatry frameworks that formalize these disruptions in mathematical terms. These models specify precise mechanisms through which neural alterations manifest as computational abnormalities—such as reduced reward sensitivity parameters in depression or asymmetric learning rates for gains versus losses in anxiety. This approach enables more precise characterization of individual differences in decision-making pathologies and potentially more targeted interventions based on specific computational disruptions rather than broader diagnostic categories. While current integrated models of decision-making have advanced substantially, important challenges remain. The relationship between neural activity and subjective experience remains incompletely understood, particularly regarding how reward signals and emotional states are consciously experienced and integrated into deliberative choices. Individual differences in decision-making tendencies likely reflect complex interactions between genetic factors, developmental experiences, and current contextual influences that are difficult to disentangle. Moreover, laboratory decision paradigms may inadequately capture the complexity of real-world decisions embedded in social contexts and extended temporal horizons. Looking forward, several promising directions may address these limitations. Developmental cognitive neuroscience approaches examining how decision systems mature can clarify how early experiences shape later decision tendencies. Neuroeconomic models incorporating social factors like fairness and reciprocity extend decision frameworks beyond individual reward maximization. Ecological approaches studying decisions in naturalistic contexts may better capture how integrated neural systems operate in complex, dynamic environments. In conclusion, contemporary neuroscientific models of decision-making increasingly recognize that choices emerge from interactions between reward processing, emotional influences, and cognitive control systems. These integrated models explain both adaptive decision-making calibrated to environmental demands and decision pathologies characterized by dysfunctional interactions between these systems. The continued refinement of these models, particularly through computational approaches that formalize underlying mechanisms, promises increasingly sophisticated accounts of the neural bases of human decision-making in both health and disease.", "Decision-making represents one of the most integrative neural processes, requiring the coordination of multiple brain systems that process reward information, generate emotional responses, and implement cognitive control. Contemporary neuroscientific models have evolved from relatively isolated accounts of these individual systems toward increasingly sophisticated frameworks that explain how their interaction shapes both adaptive choices and decision-making pathologies. Analyzing these models requires examining their conceptual foundations, empirical support, and explanatory power across both typical decision processes and clinical conditions characterized by decision-making impairments. Reward processing systems provide a foundational component of decision-making models, with the mesolimbic dopamine pathway playing a central role. The reward prediction error model, developed from pioneering work by Schultz and colleagues, demonstrates how dopaminergic neurons in the ventral tegmental area encode the difference between expected and received rewards, providing a teaching signal that drives reinforcement learning. When outcomes exceed expectations, the resulting positive prediction error (increased dopamine firing) strengthens neural connections between contextual cues, actions, and outcomes. Conversely, when outcomes fall short of expectations, negative prediction errors (decreased dopamine firing) weaken these associations. This basic mechanism explains how organisms learn which actions yield rewarding outcomes in specific contexts. Contemporary reward processing models have been refined in several important ways. Computational approaches distinguish between model-free reinforcement learning systems that incrementally strengthen reward associations based on direct experience, and model-based systems that use internal representations of the environment to simulate potential outcomes and guide choices. These systems map onto distinct neural circuits, with model-free learning primarily involving the ventral striatum and its dopaminergic inputs, while model-based learning engages a network including the prefrontal cortex, hippocampus, and dorsomedial striatum. This distinction helps explain habitual versus goal-directed decision-making and clarifies how these systems typically work in complementary fashion, with their relative influence determined by factors like decision complexity and cognitive resources. Research has also expanded beyond dopamine to recognize that multiple neuromodulatory systems contribute to different aspects of reward processing. While dopamine primarily mediates 'wanting' or incentive salience, opioid systems in the nucleus accumbens and ventral pallidum modulate the hedonic impact or 'liking' of rewards. Serotonergic systems appear to influence reward valuation over different time horizons, with disruptions potentially explaining the temporal myopia observed in impulsive decision-making. These refinements help explain dissociations between different aspects of reward (e.g., cases where addiction generates intense wanting for substances that no longer produce pleasure) and provide more nuanced accounts of reward-related pathologies. Emotional influences on decision-making have been incorporated into neuroscientific models through several complementary frameworks. The somatic marker hypothesis, proposed by Damasio, emphasizes how embodied emotional responses guide decisions by associating potential choices with previously experienced physiological states. This model highlights the ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC) as critical for integrating these bodily signals into decision processes, explaining why vmPFC damage produces seemingly rational individuals who nonetheless make poor real-world decisions due to emotional disconnection. Dual-process models distinguish between an automatic, emotion-driven system centered on the amygdala and ventral striatum, and a deliberative, cognitively-mediated system involving lateral prefrontal regions. These models explain how emotional reactions can either facilitate adaptive decisions by rapidly highlighting relevant options or lead to suboptimal choices when emotional responses are misaligned with long-term goals. Contemporary research has moved beyond simple emotion-cognition dichotomies to examine specific emotional dimensions and their neural substrates. Fear circuitry, centered on the amygdala, drives risk avoidance and harm prevention, while reward anticipation engages nucleus accumbens circuits generating approach motivation. The anterior insula plays a particularly important role in representing interoceptive signals that contribute to risk assessment and decision uncertainty, with heightened insular activity correlating with risk-averse choices. The anterior cingulate cortex integrates information about rewards and effort costs to compute the expected value of control allocation, determining when cognitive resources should be deployed to regulate emotional responses. These specific emotional circuits interface with cognitive control networks to shape decisions based on both emotional salience and regulatory goals. Cognitive control systems, implemented primarily through prefrontal cortical networks, regulate decision-making by maintaining goal representations, inhibiting prepotent responses, and flexibly allocating attentional resources. The hierarchical organization of prefrontal function, from concrete action selection in motor regions to increasingly abstract goal representations in anterior prefrontal areas, provides a framework for understanding how control is implemented across different decision timeframes and complexity levels. Working memory processes supported by dorsolateral prefrontal circuits maintain decision-relevant information, while orbitofrontal regions represent the value of specific outcomes and lateral frontopolar areas enable comparative evaluation between options. Regulatory control implemented through lateral prefrontal regions modulates activity in subcortical emotional and reward circuits, providing mechanisms for overriding immediate impulses in favor of long-term goals. This capacity depends on functional connectivity between prefrontal regions and subcortical targets, explaining how developmental changes in these connections correspond to improvements in self-regulation and decision quality. Integration across these systems occurs through both structural connections and functional interactions. The striatum serves as a critical integration hub, receiving converging inputs from prefrontal control regions, emotional circuits, and midbrain reward pathways. Similarly, the anterior cingulate cortex monitors conflicts between competing response tendencies and signals the need for increased control allocation. Recent network neuroscience approaches emphasize how flexible coordination between large-scale brain networks, including the default mode, salience, and frontoparietal control networks, underlies adaptive decision-making across contexts. These integrated models explain how decision-making adapts to environmental demands, with different neural systems taking precedence depending on factors like decision complexity, time constraints, and motivational context. Under high cognitive load or time pressure, model-free systems dominate, producing habitual responses based on prior reinforcement. When deliberative resources are available, model-based systems enable prospective evaluation of outcomes. The orchestration of these systems depends on metacognitive processes that regulate strategy selection based on perceived decision importance and available cognitive resources. Decision-making pathologies in clinical conditions can be understood through disruptions to these integrated systems. Addiction involves progressive dysregulation across multiple components: sensitization of dopaminergic reward prediction systems to drug-associated cues; diminished opioid-mediated hedonic capacity creating a 'reward deficit'; impaired prefrontal regulation of subcortical reward responses; and altered interoceptive processing in insular circuits that normally signal aversive withdrawal states. This multi-component model explains addiction's complexity beyond simple 'reward excess' accounts, clarifying why interventions targeting single mechanisms often prove insufficient. Similarly, mood disorders feature characteristic decision-making alterations explained by specific neural disruptions. Depression involves blunted striatal responses to rewards, hyperactive amygdala responses to negative outcomes, and diminished prefrontal regulation, collectively producing negatively-biased valuations and reduced motivation. Anxiety disorders feature heightened amygdala and insular responses to potential threats, altered prefrontal-amygdala connectivity that reduces extinction learning, and attentional biases toward threat detection at the expense of reward processing. These specific alterations explain distinctive decision patterns seen clinically, such as risk-avoidance in anxiety and effort-avoidance in depression. Recent approaches have moved toward computational psychiatry frameworks that formalize these disruptions in mathematical terms. These models specify precise mechanisms through which neural alterations manifest as computational abnormalities—such as reduced reward sensitivity parameters in depression or asymmetric learning rates for gains versus losses in anxiety. This approach enables more precise characterization of individual differences in decision-making pathologies and potentially more targeted interventions based on specific computational disruptions rather than broader diagnostic categories. While current integrated models of decision-making have advanced substantially, important challenges remain. The relationship between neural activity and subjective experience remains incompletely understood, particularly regarding how reward signals and emotional states are consciously experienced and integrated into deliberative choices. Individual differences in decision-making tendencies likely reflect complex interactions between genetic factors, developmental experiences, and current contextual influences that are difficult to disentangle. Moreover, laboratory decision paradigms may inadequately capture the complexity of real-world decisions embedded in social contexts and extended temporal horizons. In conclusion, contemporary neuroscientific models increasingly recognize that decision-making emerges from interactions between reward processing, emotional influences, and cognitive control systems. These integrated models explain both adaptive decision-making calibrated to environmental demands and decision pathologies characterized by dysfunctional interactions between these systems. The continued refinement of these models, particularly through computational approaches that formalize underlying mechanisms, promises increasingly sophisticated accounts of the neural bases of human decision-making in both health and disease."],
    hints: "Analyze current neuroscientific models of decision-making, focusing on the integration of reward processing, emotional influences, and cognitive control, and how these models explain both adaptive decision processes and decision-making pathologies in conditions like addiction or mood disorders.",
    expectedKeywords: ["decision-making", "reward processing", "dopamine", "prediction error", "reinforcement learning", "model-free", "model-based", "emotional influences", "somatic marker", "cognitive control", "prefrontal cortex", "striatum", "addiction", "mood disorders", "depression", "anxiety", "computational psychiatry", "integration", "dual-process", "adaptive", "pathological"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your analysis of decision-making models demonstrates remarkable neuroscientific sophistication. Let's now explore a question at the intersection of neuroscience and technological innovation: How would you evaluate current brain-computer interface technologies and their potential applications in treating neurological conditions? Consider the different approaches to neural interfacing, their current capabilities and limitations, and the ethical considerations raised by direct brain-machine interaction.",
      partial: "You've addressed some important aspects of decision-making models. Could you develop your analysis further by more explicitly addressing how reward processing, emotional influences, and cognitive control integrate to shape decision-making, and how disruptions to these systems explain pathologies in conditions like addiction or mood disorders?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing current neuroscientific models of decision-making, particularly addressing the integration of reward processing, emotional influences, and cognitive control, and how these models explain both adaptive decision processes and decision-making pathologies in conditions like addiction or mood disorders."
    }
  }, {
    id: 4,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of decision-making models demonstrates remarkable neuroscientific sophistication. Let's now explore a question at the intersection of neuroscience and technological innovation: How would you evaluate current brain-computer interface technologies and their potential applications in treating neurological conditions? Consider the different approaches to neural interfacing, their current capabilities and limitations, and the ethical considerations raised by direct brain-machine interaction.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["Brain-computer interface (BCI) technologies represent one of the most promising yet challenging frontiers in clinical neuroscience, offering potential therapeutic approaches for conditions previously considered untreatable while simultaneously raising profound questions about neural intervention. Evaluating these technologies requires examining their diverse technical approaches, current applications and limitations, and the complex ethical considerations they introduce. Current BCI approaches can be categorized along several dimensions, most fundamentally by their degree of invasiveness. Non-invasive BCIs primarily utilize electroencephalography (EEG) to detect neural signals through the scalp. These systems offer advantages including minimal medical risk, relatively low cost, and accessibility, but suffer from limited spatial resolution, poor signal-to-noise ratio, and inability to access deep brain structures. Despite these limitations, EEG-based BCIs have demonstrated clinical utility in applications like communication systems for locked-in syndrome patients, who can modulate sensorimotor rhythms or P300 event-related potentials to select letters or commands. Recent advances in signal processing algorithms, machine learning techniques for pattern recognition, and dry electrode technology have incrementally improved non-invasive BCI performance, though fundamental physical limitations of recording neural signals through the skull remain. Invasive BCIs, which involve surgically implanted electrodes, offer substantially higher signal quality and spatial resolution. These systems span a spectrum from electrocorticography (ECoG) arrays placed on the cortical surface to microelectrode arrays implanted directly into neural tissue. Utah arrays and similar microelectrode technologies can record from and stimulate individual neurons or small neural populations, providing unprecedented precision for decoding neural activity patterns and delivering targeted stimulation. This high-resolution neural interfacing has enabled achievements like direct neural control of robotic limbs by tetraplegic patients, with recent systems demonstrating increasingly natural movements including individual finger control and force modulation. However, invasive BCIs face significant challenges including surgical risks, tissue inflammatory responses, signal degradation over time, infection hazards, and limited electrode longevity. Emerging approaches seek to address these limitations through innovations like flexible materials that better match brain tissue biomechanics, anti-inflammatory coatings, wireless power and data transmission, and miniaturized electronics. Minimally invasive approaches represent a developing middle ground, with technologies like stentrodes (vascular stents with embedded electrodes) and injectable neural dust particles potentially offering improved signal quality over non-invasive methods while reducing the risks associated with direct brain implantation. For treating neurological conditions, BCIs currently demonstrate several promising therapeutic applications. Neuroprosthetics for motor restoration have shown the most clinical progress, with systems enabling paralyzed individuals to control robotic limbs or computer interfaces through decoded neural activity from motor and premotor cortical regions. Recent closed-loop systems incorporate sensory feedback, significantly improving performance by providing users with artificial tactile and proprioceptive information. Deep brain stimulation (DBS), which can be considered a form of BCI when implemented with sensing capabilities that adjust stimulation parameters based on neural activity, has established efficacy for movement disorders like Parkinson's disease and essential tremor. Next-generation adaptive DBS systems that continuously monitor neural activity and adjust stimulation parameters accordingly show promise for improving efficacy while reducing side effects compared to conventional open-loop approaches. For disorders of consciousness, BCIs offer both diagnostic tools for detecting covert awareness in seemingly unconscious patients and potential therapeutic approaches through targeted stimulation of consciousness-supporting networks. Early trials suggest that thalamic stimulation may enhance conscious awareness in minimally conscious state patients, while BCI-based communication systems can provide rudimentary interaction for those with preserved but otherwise undetectable cognitive function. Emerging applications include BCIs for treating psychiatric conditions, with systems targeting circuits involved in depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and addiction. These approaches typically involve closed-loop stimulation triggered by detection of abnormal activity patterns in affected networks. For epilepsy, responsive neurostimulation systems that detect seizure onset patterns and deliver targeted stimulation to suppress seizure propagation have received FDA approval, demonstrating the clinical viability of closed-loop interventions. Despite these promising developments, current BCI technologies face substantial limitations. Technical challenges include achieving long-term recording stability, as electrode degradation and tissue responses typically cause signal deterioration over months to years. Fully implantable systems with wireless power and data transmission remain difficult to implement within size and power constraints compatible with clinical use. From a signal processing perspective, accurately decoding complex, high-dimensional neural activity patterns—particularly for cognitive states or fine motor control—remains challenging despite advances in machine learning approaches. Practical implementation barriers include the need for substantial technical expertise, ongoing maintenance requirements, and high costs that limit accessibility. These factors currently restrict BCI applications primarily to research contexts or severe conditions where no alternative treatments exist. The direct interface between technology and the brain raises profound ethical considerations that extend beyond standard biomedical ethics frameworks. Questions of autonomy are particularly complex, as BCIs may both enhance autonomy by restoring function while potentially compromising cognitive self-determination if devices influence neural processes underlying decision-making or identity. Privacy concerns are heightened as BCIs potentially provide unprecedented access to neural data that may reveal private mental states. The long-term psychological impacts of incorporating external devices into brain function remain poorly understood, particularly regarding effects on sense of agency, embodiment, and personal identity. Justice considerations arise regarding access to these technologies, with risks that high costs could exacerbate healthcare disparities. Additionally, dual-use concerns exist as technologies developed for therapeutic applications could potentially be repurposed for enhancement in healthy individuals or even weaponized. These ethical challenges necessitate proactive governance frameworks that can evolve alongside the technology while incorporating diverse stakeholder perspectives, particularly from potential users and disability rights communities. Looking forward, several developments may address current limitations. Advances in materials science promise electrodes with improved biocompatibility and mechanical properties that better match brain tissue, potentially extending device longevity. Optical approaches using genetically encoded calcium or voltage indicators could enable non-contact recording from thousands of neurons simultaneously. Increasingly sophisticated decoding algorithms incorporating recent advances in artificial intelligence may improve the translation of neural signals into control signals. Miniaturization and improved power management technologies may enable fully implantable systems with enhanced capabilities and reduced maintenance requirements. For translational success, future BCI development should emphasize not only technological advancement but also end-user perspectives, as factors like aesthetic considerations, maintenance requirements, and psychosocial impacts significantly influence real-world adoption and benefit. Additionally, interdisciplinary collaboration between neuroscientists, engineers, clinicians, ethicists, and patient advocates will be essential for developing systems that effectively address clinical needs while navigating the complex ethical terrain. In conclusion, brain-computer interface technologies demonstrate significant promise for treating previously intractable neurological conditions. While current applications show tangible benefits in specific contexts like motor restoration and treatment-resistant movement disorders, substantial technical, practical, and ethical challenges must be addressed to realize their full therapeutic potential. The unique nature of direct brain-machine interaction necessitates both technological innovation and careful consideration of the profound questions these technologies raise about neural intervention, cognitive liberty, and the relationship between brain, mind, and technology.", "Brain-computer interface (BCI) technologies represent one of the most rapidly evolving frontiers in clinical neuroscience, offering potential therapeutic approaches for conditions previously considered untreatable while simultaneously raising profound questions about neural intervention. Evaluating these technologies requires examining their diverse technical approaches, current applications and limitations, and the complex ethical considerations they introduce. Current BCI approaches can be categorized along several dimensions, most fundamentally by their degree of invasiveness. Non-invasive BCIs primarily utilize electroencephalography (EEG) to detect neural signals through the scalp, though functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) and magnetoencephalography (MEG) are increasingly employed in research settings. These systems offer advantages including minimal medical risk, relatively low cost, and accessibility, but suffer from limited spatial resolution (typically centimeters rather than millimeters), poor signal-to-noise ratio, and inability to access deep brain structures. Despite these limitations, EEG-based BCIs have demonstrated clinical utility in applications like communication systems for locked-in syndrome patients, who can modulate sensorimotor rhythms or P300 event-related potentials to select letters or commands. Recent advances in signal processing algorithms, machine learning techniques for pattern recognition, and dry electrode technology have incrementally improved non-invasive BCI performance, though fundamental physical limitations of recording neural signals through the skull remain. Invasive BCIs, which involve surgically implanted electrodes, offer substantially higher signal quality and spatial resolution. These systems span a spectrum from electrocorticography (ECoG) arrays placed on the cortical surface to microelectrode arrays implanted directly into neural tissue. Utah arrays and similar microelectrode technologies can record from and stimulate individual neurons or small neural populations, providing unprecedented precision for decoding neural activity patterns and delivering targeted stimulation. This high-resolution neural interfacing has enabled achievements like direct neural control of robotic limbs by tetraplegic patients, with recent systems demonstrating increasingly natural movements including individual finger control and force modulation. However, invasive BCIs face significant challenges including surgical risks, tissue inflammatory responses, signal degradation over time due to glial scarring, infection hazards, and limited electrode longevity. Emerging approaches seek to address these limitations through innovations like flexible materials that better match brain tissue biomechanics, anti-inflammatory coatings, wireless power and data transmission, and miniaturized electronics that reduce tissue displacement and damage. Minimally invasive approaches represent a developing middle ground, with technologies like stentrodes (vascular stents with embedded electrodes) that can be delivered through blood vessels and injectable neural dust particles potentially offering improved signal quality over non-invasive methods while reducing the risks associated with direct brain implantation. For treating neurological conditions, BCIs currently demonstrate several promising therapeutic applications. Neuroprosthetics for motor restoration have shown the most clinical progress, with systems enabling paralyzed individuals to control robotic limbs or computer interfaces through decoded neural activity from motor and premotor cortical regions. Recent closed-loop systems incorporate sensory feedback, significantly improving performance by providing users with artificial tactile and proprioceptive information that enhances control precision and reduces the cognitive burden of use. Deep brain stimulation (DBS), which can be considered a form of BCI when implemented with sensing capabilities that adjust stimulation parameters based on neural activity, has established efficacy for movement disorders like Parkinson's disease and essential tremor. Next-generation adaptive DBS systems that continuously monitor neural activity (such as local field potentials in the subthalamic nucleus) and adjust stimulation parameters accordingly show promise for improving efficacy while reducing side effects compared to conventional open-loop approaches. For disorders of consciousness, BCIs offer both diagnostic tools for detecting covert awareness in seemingly unconscious patients and potential therapeutic approaches through targeted stimulation of consciousness-supporting networks. Early trials suggest that thalamic stimulation may enhance conscious awareness in minimally conscious state patients, while BCI-based communication systems can provide rudimentary interaction for those with preserved but otherwise undetectable cognitive function. Emerging applications include BCIs for treating psychiatric conditions, with systems targeting circuits involved in depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, and addiction. These approaches typically involve closed-loop stimulation triggered by detection of abnormal activity patterns in affected networks. For epilepsy, responsive neurostimulation systems that detect seizure onset patterns and deliver targeted stimulation to suppress seizure propagation have received FDA approval, demonstrating the clinical viability of closed-loop interventions. Despite these promising developments, current BCI technologies face substantial limitations. Technical challenges include achieving long-term recording stability, as electrode degradation and tissue responses typically cause signal deterioration over months to years. Fully implantable systems with wireless power and data transmission remain difficult to implement within size and power constraints compatible with clinical use. From a signal processing perspective, accurately decoding complex, high-dimensional neural activity patterns—particularly for cognitive states or fine motor control—remains challenging despite advances in machine learning approaches. Practical implementation barriers include the need for substantial technical expertise for system calibration and maintenance, ongoing maintenance requirements, and high costs that limit accessibility. These factors currently restrict BCI applications primarily to research contexts or severe conditions where no alternative treatments exist. The direct interface between technology and the brain raises profound ethical considerations that extend beyond standard biomedical ethics frameworks. Questions of autonomy are particularly complex, as BCIs may both enhance autonomy by restoring function while potentially compromising cognitive self-determination if devices influence neural processes underlying decision-making or identity. Privacy concerns are heightened as BCIs potentially provide unprecedented access to neural data that may reveal private mental states beyond what users intend to disclose. The long-term psychological impacts of incorporating external devices into brain function remain poorly understood, particularly regarding effects on sense of agency, embodiment, and personal identity. Justice considerations arise regarding access to these technologies, with risks that high costs could exacerbate healthcare disparities. Additionally, dual-use concerns exist as technologies developed for therapeutic applications could potentially be repurposed for enhancement in healthy individuals or even weaponized. These ethical challenges necessitate proactive governance frameworks that can evolve alongside the technology while incorporating diverse stakeholder perspectives, particularly from potential users and disability rights communities. Looking forward, several developments may address current limitations. Advances in materials science promise electrodes with improved biocompatibility and mechanical properties that better match brain tissue, potentially extending device longevity and reducing foreign body responses. Optical approaches using genetically encoded calcium or voltage indicators coupled with miniaturized microscopes could enable non-contact recording from thousands of neurons simultaneously. Increasingly sophisticated decoding algorithms incorporating recent advances in artificial intelligence may improve the translation of neural signals into control signals. Miniaturization and improved power management technologies may enable fully implantable systems with enhanced capabilities and reduced maintenance requirements. For translational success, future BCI development should emphasize not only technological advancement but also end-user perspectives, as factors like aesthetic considerations, maintenance requirements, and psychosocial impacts significantly influence real-world adoption and benefit. Additionally, interdisciplinary collaboration between neuroscientists, engineers, clinicians, ethicists, and patient advocates will be essential for developing systems that effectively address clinical needs while navigating the complex ethical terrain. In conclusion, brain-computer interface technologies demonstrate significant promise for treating previously intractable neurological conditions. While current applications show tangible benefits in specific contexts like motor restoration and treatment-resistant movement disorders, substantial technical, practical, and ethical challenges must be addressed to realize their full therapeutic potential. The unique nature of direct brain-machine interaction necessitates both technological innovation and careful consideration of the profound questions these technologies raise about neural intervention, cognitive liberty, and the relationship between brain, mind, and technology.", "Brain-computer interface (BCI) technologies represent one of the most rapidly evolving frontiers in clinical neuroscience..."],
    hints: "Evaluate current brain-computer interface technologies and their potential applications in treating neurological conditions, analyzing different approaches to neural interfacing, their capabilities and limitations, and the ethical considerations raised by direct brain-machine interaction.",
    expectedKeywords: ["brain-computer interface", "BCI", "neural interfacing", "invasive", "non-invasive", "electroencephalography", "electrocorticography", "microelectrode arrays", "neuroprosthetics", "deep brain stimulation", "neural signals", "decoding algorithms", "closed-loop systems", "biocompatibility", "neural implants", "ethical considerations", "autonomy", "privacy", "neurological conditions", "therapeutic applications"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["brain-computer interface", "neural interfacing", "invasive BCIs", "non-invasive BCIs", "electroencephalography", "electrocorticography", "microelectrode arrays", "neuroprosthetics", "deep brain stimulation", "neural signal decoding", "closed-loop systems", "biocompatibility", "neural implants", "ethical considerations", "therapeutic applications", "neurological conditions"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation of brain-computer interface technologies demonstrates exceptional technological and neuroscientific understanding. For our final question, let's examine a topic at the intersection of neuroscience and philosophy: How would you analyze the current neuroscientific evidence regarding free will and its implications for our understanding of human agency? Consider how different experimental paradigms have investigated the neural basis of volition, the various interpretations of these findings, and the philosophical implications for concepts of responsibility and autonomy.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of brain-computer interfaces. Could you develop your evaluation further by addressing more specifically the different approaches to neural interfacing, their current capabilities and limitations, and the ethical considerations raised by direct brain-machine interaction?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating current brain-computer interface technologies and their potential applications in treating neurological conditions, specifically considering the different approaches to neural interfacing, their current capabilities and limitations, and the ethical considerations raised by direct brain-machine interaction."
    }
  }, {
    id: 5,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation of brain-computer interface technologies demonstrates exceptional technological and neuroscientific understanding. For our final question, let's examine a topic at the intersection of neuroscience and philosophy: How would you analyze the current neuroscientific evidence regarding free will and its implications for our understanding of human agency? Consider how different experimental paradigms have investigated the neural basis of volition, the various interpretations of these findings, and the philosophical implications for concepts of responsibility and autonomy.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["The question of free will represents one of the most profound intersections of neuroscience and philosophy, challenging fundamental conceptions of human agency and moral responsibility. Analyzing the neuroscientific evidence regarding free will requires examining influential experimental paradigms, evaluating competing interpretations of empirical findings, and considering how these relate to philosophical concepts of agency, responsibility, and autonomy. Several experimental paradigms have shaped contemporary neuroscientific investigations of volition. The pioneering Libet experiments in the 1980s demonstrated that the readiness potential (RP)—a gradual increase in neural activity measured over the supplementary motor area—begins approximately 500-800 milliseconds before participants report becoming consciously aware of their intention to move. These findings suggested that unconscious neural processes may initiate voluntary actions before conscious awareness of the intention emerges, challenging intuitive notions that conscious intentions initiate voluntary movements. Subsequent research has both extended and challenged this paradigm. Soon and colleagues, using fMRI, identified predictive activity in the frontopolar cortex up to 7-10 seconds before conscious awareness of decisions, while Fried and colleagues used intracranial recordings to demonstrate that single-neuron activity in the supplementary motor area could predict voluntary movements several hundred milliseconds before awareness. These studies strengthened the case that neural activity precedes conscious intention across multiple measurement techniques and timescales. However, other research has raised important methodological questions about these findings. Critics have suggested that the readiness potential may represent ongoing spontaneous fluctuations rather than a specific decision signal, with actions more likely when these fluctuations cross a threshold. Studies demonstrating that the readiness potential can be detected even when no movement occurs challenge its interpretation as a specific marker of unconscious decision-making. Additionally, the artificial nature of the experimental paradigms—typically involving meaningless, repetitive movements—raises questions about their ecological validity for understanding real-world decision-making. More ecologically valid approaches have examined neural processes in complex, meaningful decisions. These studies reveal distributed networks involving prefrontal cortex, parietal regions, and basal ganglia that integrate value information, maintain goal representations, and implement controlled selection between competing options. This research suggests that meaningful decisions emerge from extended neural processes unfolding over multiple timescales, rather than from discrete events at specific timepoints. Beyond motor decisions, neuroscientific research has examined the capacity to inhibit prepotent responses—what might be termed \"free won't.\" Studies of response inhibition reveal that the right inferior frontal gyrus, presupplementary motor area, and subthalamic nucleus form a network capable of rapidly suppressing initiated actions. This capacity for \"vetoing\" motor programs suggests that even if unconscious processes initiate actions, conscious processes may retain the ability to override them, potentially preserving a meaningful form of control. These diverse experimental findings have generated multiple interpretations with different implications for free will. Deterministic interpretations suggest that apparent conscious control is illusory—a retrospective confabulation rather than a causal force. Under this view, often associated with scientists like Wegner and Harris, decisions are determined by unconscious neural processes, with conscious awareness arising too late to causally influence the outcome. This perspective suggests that free will in the sense of conscious initiation of actions is incompatible with neuroscientific evidence. Compatibilist interpretations, in contrast, argue that free will does not require being uncaused, but rather involves particular types of causal processes. These accounts, advocated by neuroscientists like Roskies and philosophers like Dennett, suggest that free will is compatible with neural determination if decisions involve particular capacities like deliberation, reason-responsiveness, or the absence of external coercion. From this perspective, the Libet-style findings challenge only a narrow, libertarian conception of free will rather than more sophisticated compatibilist accounts. Emergent process interpretations, associated with researchers like Schurger and Brass, propose that decisions emerge from dynamic interactions between unconscious and conscious processes across multiple timescales. Rather than viewing decisions as discrete events initiated at specific timepoints, these accounts conceptualize them as extended processes involving ongoing interaction between multiple brain systems. This perspective suggests that searching for a discrete moment when \"free will happens\" mischaracterizes the nature of decision-making, which involves the gradual emergence of intentions through recurrent interactions between multiple neural systems. Recent empirical work has begun exploring these dynamic interactions. Research on intentional binding—the subjective compression of the temporal interval between voluntary actions and their sensory consequences—suggests that the sense of agency emerges from predictive processes linking actions to outcomes. Studies examining how neural representations of counterfactual options are maintained during decision-making suggest that the subjective sense of \"could have done otherwise\" may have specific neural correlates. These approaches move beyond simple questions about the timing of conscious awareness toward more nuanced investigations of how the phenomenology of agency relates to underlying neural processes. The philosophical implications of this research extend to fundamental conceptions of responsibility and autonomy. Traditional retributive approaches to moral responsibility often presuppose libertarian free will—the ability to have done otherwise under identical circumstances. If neuroscience suggests that decisions are determined by prior neural states, retributive justifications for punishment might require reconsideration. However, consequentialist and forward-looking approaches to responsibility remain viable even without libertarian free will, as they focus on influencing future behavior rather than assigning desert-based blame for past actions. The implications for autonomy are similarly nuanced. If autonomy requires that decisions reflect an individual's authentic values and reasoned consideration, rather than external manipulation or random chance, then neuroscientific evidence remains compatible with meaningful autonomy. Decisions emerging from the interaction of an individual's values, beliefs, and reasoning processes—even if these processes are neural in nature—can still be considered autonomous in this sense. However, the neuroscientific evidence does raise concerns about the transparency of decision processes and the accuracy of introspective access to our own motivations. Research on choice blindness, implicit bias, and unconscious priming suggests that we often lack accurate insight into the factors influencing our decisions. This challenges Enlightenment conceptions of autonomy that presuppose transparent self-knowledge and highlights the need for more sophisticated accounts that acknowledge the limitations of introspection. Several important considerations should temper overly simplistic interpretations of the neuroscientific evidence. First, methodological limitations of existing research—including artificial experimental paradigms, measurement constraints, and the challenge of studying complex decisions in laboratory settings—suggest caution in drawing sweeping philosophical conclusions. Second, conceptual questions about the appropriate level of analysis remain crucial. Even if decisions can be explained in neural terms, this does not entail that neural explanations are always the most appropriate or useful level of description for understanding human behavior. Third, the neuroscientific evidence itself continues to evolve, with emerging research on neural variability, criticisms of classical paradigms, and investigations of complex decision-making suggesting that earlier, deterministic interpretations may have been premature. Looking forward, the most productive approaches may involve integrating neuroscientific insights with philosophical analysis rather than assuming that empirical findings alone can resolve long-standing philosophical questions. Conceptualizing free will as involving particular capacities—including reason-responsiveness, value integration, deliberative control, and the absence of coercion—allows for meaningful empirical investigation of how these capacities are implemented in the brain while avoiding simplistic reductions of complex philosophical concepts to individual neural measurements. This integrative approach recognizes both the valuable constraints that neuroscience places on viable conceptions of free will and the continuing relevance of philosophical analysis for interpreting and contextualizing neuroscientific findings. In conclusion, current neuroscientific evidence regarding free will presents a complex picture that challenges simplistic interpretations in either direction. While research demonstrating unconscious neural precursors of decisions raises important questions about the causal role of conscious intention, emerging work on inhibitory control, complex decision-making, and the extended temporal dynamics of intention formation suggests that human agency involves sophisticated interactions between multiple neural systems operating across various timescales. The implications for responsibility and autonomy depend crucially on how these concepts are defined, highlighting the continuing need for integrative dialogue between neuroscience and philosophy in understanding the nature of human agency.", "The neuroscientific investigation of free will represents one of the most profound intersections of empirical science and philosophy, challenging our fundamental conceptions of human agency while raising significant questions about moral responsibility and autonomy. Analyzing the current evidence requires examining influential experimental paradigms, evaluating competing interpretations of these findings, and considering their philosophical implications for our understanding of human agency. Several experimental paradigms have shaped contemporary neuroscientific approaches to volition. The pioneering work of Benjamin Libet in the 1980s demonstrated that the readiness potential (RP)—a gradual increase in neural activity measured over the motor and premotor cortex—begins approximately 500-800 milliseconds before participants report becoming consciously aware of their intention to move. These findings suggested that unconscious neural processes may initiate voluntary actions before conscious awareness of the intention emerges, challenging intuitive notions that conscious intentions causally initiate voluntary movements. Subsequent research has both extended and challenged this paradigm. Soon and colleagues, using fMRI, identified predictive activity in the frontopolar cortex and other regions up to 7-10 seconds before conscious awareness of decisions, while Fried and colleagues used intracranial recordings to demonstrate that single-neuron activity in the supplementary motor area could predict voluntary movements several hundred milliseconds before awareness. These studies strengthened the case that neural activity precedes conscious intention across multiple measurement techniques and timescales. However, other research has raised important methodological questions about these findings. Recent work by Schurger and colleagues suggests that the readiness potential may represent ongoing spontaneous fluctuations rather than a specific decision signal, with actions more likely when these fluctuations cross a threshold. This stochastic accumulator model challenges the interpretation of the readiness potential as a marker of unconscious decision-making. Additionally, the artificial nature of the experimental paradigms—typically involving meaningless, repetitive movements—raises questions about their ecological validity for understanding real-world decision-making. More ecologically valid approaches have examined neural processes in complex, meaningful decisions. These studies reveal distributed networks involving prefrontal cortex, anterior cingulate, parietal regions, and basal ganglia that integrate value information, maintain goal representations, and implement controlled selection between competing options. This research suggests that meaningful decisions emerge from extended neural processes unfolding over multiple timescales, rather than from discrete events at specific timepoints. Beyond motor decisions, neuroscientific research has examined the capacity to inhibit prepotent responses—what might be termed \"free won't.\" Studies of response inhibition reveal that the right inferior frontal gyrus, presupplementary motor area, and subthalamic nucleus form a network capable of rapidly suppressing initiated actions. This capacity for \"vetoing\" motor programs suggests that even if unconscious processes initiate actions, conscious processes may retain the ability to override them, potentially preserving a meaningful form of control. These diverse experimental findings have generated multiple interpretations with different implications for free will. Deterministic interpretations suggest that apparent conscious control is illusory—a retrospective confabulation rather than a causal force. Under this view, often associated with scientists like Daniel Wegner and Sam Harris, decisions are determined by unconscious neural processes, with conscious awareness arising too late to causally influence the outcome. This perspective suggests that free will in the sense of conscious initiation of actions is incompatible with neuroscientific evidence. Compatibilist interpretations, in contrast, argue that free will does not require being uncaused, but rather involves particular types of causal processes. These accounts, advocated by neuroscientists like Adina Roskies and philosophers like Daniel Dennett, suggest that free will is compatible with neural determination if decisions involve particular capacities like deliberation, reason-responsiveness, or the absence of external coercion. From this perspective, the Libet-style findings challenge only a narrow, libertarian conception of free will rather than more sophisticated compatibilist accounts. Emergent process interpretations, associated with researchers like Schurger and Marcel Brass, propose that decisions emerge from dynamic interactions between unconscious and conscious processes across multiple timescales. Rather than viewing decisions as discrete events initiated at specific timepoints, these accounts conceptualize them as extended processes involving ongoing interaction between multiple brain systems. This perspective suggests that searching for a discrete moment when \"free will happens\" mischaracterizes the nature of decision-making, which involves the gradual emergence of intentions through recurrent interactions between multiple neural systems. Recent empirical work has begun exploring these dynamic interactions. Research on intentional binding—the subjective compression of the temporal interval between voluntary actions and their sensory consequences—suggests that the sense of agency emerges from predictive processes linking actions to outcomes. Studies examining how neural representations of counterfactual options are maintained during decision-making suggest that the subjective sense of \"could have done otherwise\" may have specific neural correlates. These approaches move beyond simple questions about the timing of conscious awareness toward more nuanced investigations of how the phenomenology of agency relates to underlying neural processes. The philosophical implications of this research extend to fundamental conceptions of responsibility and autonomy. Traditional retributive approaches to moral responsibility often presuppose libertarian free will—the ability to have done otherwise under identical circumstances. If neuroscience suggests that decisions are determined by prior neural states, retributive justifications for punishment might require reconsideration. However, consequentialist and forward-looking approaches to responsibility remain viable even without libertarian free will, as they focus on influencing future behavior rather than assigning desert-based blame for past actions. The implications for autonomy are similarly nuanced. If autonomy requires that decisions reflect an individual's authentic values and reasoned consideration, rather than external manipulation or random chance, then neuroscientific evidence remains compatible with meaningful autonomy. Decisions emerging from the interaction of an individual's values, beliefs, and reasoning processes—even if these processes are neural in nature—can still be considered autonomous in this sense. However, the neuroscientific evidence does raise concerns about the transparency of decision processes and the accuracy of introspective access to our own motivations. Research on choice blindness, implicit bias, and unconscious priming suggests that we often lack accurate insight into the factors influencing our decisions. This challenges Enlightenment conceptions of autonomy that presuppose transparent self-knowledge and highlights the need for more sophisticated accounts that acknowledge the limitations of introspection. Several important considerations should temper overly simplistic interpretations of the neuroscientific evidence. First, methodological limitations of existing research—including artificial experimental paradigms, measurement constraints, and the challenge of studying complex decisions in laboratory settings—suggest caution in drawing sweeping philosophical conclusions. Second, conceptual questions about the appropriate level of analysis remain crucial. Even if decisions can be explained in neural terms, this does not entail that neural explanations are always the most appropriate or useful level of description for understanding human behavior. Third, the neuroscientific evidence itself continues to evolve, with emerging research on neural variability, criticisms of classical paradigms, and investigations of complex decision-making suggesting that earlier, deterministic interpretations may have been premature. Looking forward, the most productive approaches may involve integrating neuroscientific insights with philosophical analysis rather than assuming that empirical findings alone can resolve long-standing philosophical questions. Conceptualizing free will as involving particular capacities—including reason-responsiveness, value integration, deliberative control, and the absence of coercion—allows for meaningful empirical investigation of how these capacities are implemented in the brain while avoiding simplistic reductions of complex philosophical concepts to individual neural measurements. In conclusion, current neuroscientific evidence regarding free will presents a complex picture that challenges simplistic interpretations in either direction. While research demonstrating unconscious neural precursors of decisions raises important questions about the causal role of conscious intention, emerging work on inhibitory control, complex decision-making, and the extended temporal dynamics of intention formation suggests that human agency involves sophisticated interactions between multiple neural systems operating across various timescales. The implications for responsibility and autonomy depend crucially on how these concepts are defined, highlighting the continuing need for integrative dialogue between neuroscience and philosophy in understanding the nature of human agency.", "The question of free will represents one of the most profound intersections between neuroscience and philosophy, challenging fundamental conceptions of human agency while raising significant questions about moral responsibility and personal autonomy. Analyzing the current neuroscientific evidence regarding free will requires examining influential experimental paradigms, evaluating competing interpretations of these findings, and considering their implications for philosophical concepts of agency, responsibility, and autonomy. Several experimental paradigms have shaped contemporary neuroscientific investigations of volition. The pioneering studies by Benjamin Libet in the 1980s demonstrated that the readiness potential (RP)—a gradual increase in neural activity measured over motor and premotor cortical regions—begins approximately 500-800 milliseconds before participants report becoming consciously aware of their intention to move. These findings suggested that unconscious neural processes may initiate voluntary actions before conscious awareness of the intention emerges, challenging intuitive notions that conscious intentions causally initiate voluntary movements. Subsequent research has both extended and challenged this paradigm. Soon and colleagues, using fMRI, identified predictive activity in the frontopolar cortex up to 7-10 seconds before conscious awareness of decisions, while Fried and colleagues used intracranial recordings to demonstrate that single-neuron activity in the supplementary motor area could predict voluntary movements several hundred milliseconds before awareness. These studies strengthened the case that neural activity precedes conscious intention across multiple measurement techniques and timescales. However, other research has raised important methodological questions about these findings. Recent work by Schurger and colleagues suggests that the readiness potential may represent ongoing spontaneous fluctuations in neural activity rather than a specific decision signal, with actions more likely when these fluctuations cross a threshold. According to this stochastic accumulator model, the apparent predictive power of the readiness potential may partially reflect how experimental designs analyze brain activity preceding actions, potentially introducing selection bias. Additionally, the artificial nature of the experimental paradigms—typically involving meaningless, repetitive movements—raises questions about their ecological validity for understanding real-world decision-making that involves meaningful choices with significant consequences. More ecologically valid approaches have examined neural processes in complex, meaningful decisions. These studies reveal distributed networks involving prefrontal cortex, anterior cingulate, parietal regions, and basal ganglia that integrate value information, maintain goal representations, and implement controlled selection between competing options. This research suggests that meaningful decisions emerge from extended neural processes unfolding over multiple timescales, rather than from discrete events at specific timepoints. Beyond motor decisions, neuroscientific research has examined the capacity to inhibit prepotent responses—what might be termed \"free won't.\" Studies of response inhibition reveal that the right inferior frontal gyrus, presupplementary motor area, and subthalamic nucleus form a network capable of rapidly suppressing initiated actions. This capacity for \"vetoing\" motor programs suggests that even if unconscious processes initiate actions, conscious processes may retain the ability to override them, potentially preserving a meaningful form of control. These diverse experimental findings have generated multiple interpretations with different implications for free will. Deterministic interpretations suggest that apparent conscious control is illusory—a retrospective confabulation rather than a causal force. Under this view, often associated with scientists like Daniel Wegner and Sam Harris, decisions are determined by unconscious neural processes, with conscious awareness arising too late to causally influence the outcome. This perspective suggests that free will in the sense of conscious initiation of actions is incompatible with neuroscientific evidence. Compatibilist interpretations, in contrast, argue that free will does not require being uncaused, but rather involves particular types of causal processes. These accounts, advocated by neuroscientists like Adina Roskies and philosophers like Daniel Dennett, suggest that free will is compatible with neural determination if decisions involve particular capacities like deliberation, reason-responsiveness, or the absence of external coercion. From this perspective, the Libet-style findings challenge only a narrow, libertarian conception of free will rather than more sophisticated compatibilist accounts. Emergent process interpretations, associated with researchers like Schurger and Marcel Brass, propose that decisions emerge from dynamic interactions between unconscious and conscious processes across multiple timescales. Rather than viewing decisions as discrete events initiated at specific timepoints, these accounts conceptualize them as extended processes involving ongoing interaction between multiple brain systems. This perspective suggests that searching for a discrete moment when \"free will happens\" mischaracterizes the nature of decision-making, which involves the gradual emergence of intentions through recurrent interactions between multiple neural systems. Recent empirical work has begun exploring these dynamic interactions. Research on intentional binding—the subjective compression of the temporal interval between voluntary actions and their sensory consequences—suggests that the sense of agency emerges from predictive processes linking actions to outcomes. Studies examining how neural representations of counterfactual options are maintained during decision-making suggest that the subjective sense of \"could have done otherwise\" may have specific neural correlates. These approaches move beyond simple questions about the timing of conscious awareness toward more nuanced investigations of how the phenomenology of agency relates to underlying neural processes. The philosophical implications of this research extend to fundamental conceptions of responsibility and autonomy. Traditional retributive approaches to moral responsibility often presuppose libertarian free will—the ability to have done otherwise under identical circumstances. If neuroscience suggests that decisions are determined by prior neural states, retributive justifications for punishment might require reconsideration. However, consequentialist and forward-looking approaches to responsibility remain viable even without libertarian free will, as they focus on influencing future behavior rather than assigning desert-based blame for past actions. Similarly, legal conceptions of responsibility might shift toward emphasizing rehabilitation and prevention rather than retribution, though practical legal systems typically incorporate multiple justifications for punishment. The implications for autonomy are similarly nuanced. If autonomy requires that decisions reflect an individual's authentic values and reasoned consideration, rather than external manipulation or random chance, then neuroscientific evidence remains compatible with meaningful autonomy. Decisions emerging from the interaction of an individual's values, beliefs, and reasoning processes—even if these processes are neural in nature—can still be considered autonomous in this sense. However, the neuroscientific evidence does raise concerns about the transparency of decision processes and the accuracy of introspective access to our own motivations. Research on choice blindness, implicit bias, and unconscious priming suggests that we often lack accurate insight into the factors influencing our decisions. This challenges Enlightenment conceptions of autonomy that presuppose transparent self-knowledge and highlights the need for more sophisticated accounts that acknowledge the limitations of introspection. Several important considerations should temper overly simplistic interpretations of the neuroscientific evidence. First, methodological limitations of existing research—including artificial experimental paradigms, measurement constraints, and the challenge of studying complex decisions in laboratory settings—suggest caution in drawing sweeping philosophical conclusions. Second, conceptual questions about the appropriate level of analysis remain crucial. Even if decisions can be explained in neural terms, this does not entail that neural explanations are always the most appropriate or useful level of description for understanding human behavior. Third, the neuroscientific evidence itself continues to evolve, with emerging research on neural variability, criticisms of classical paradigms, and investigations of complex decision-making suggesting that earlier, deterministic interpretations may have been premature. Looking forward, the most productive approaches may involve integrating neuroscientific insights with philosophical analysis rather than assuming that empirical findings alone can resolve long-standing philosophical questions. Conceptualizing free will as involving particular capacities—including reason-responsiveness, value integration, deliberative control, and the absence of coercion—allows for meaningful empirical investigation of how these capacities are implemented in the brain while avoiding simplistic reductions of complex philosophical concepts to individual neural measurements. In conclusion, current neuroscientific evidence regarding free will presents a complex picture that challenges simplistic interpretations in either direction. While research demonstrating unconscious neural precursors of decisions raises important questions about the causal role of conscious intention, emerging work on inhibitory control, complex decision-making, and the extended temporal dynamics of intention formation suggests that human agency involves sophisticated interactions between multiple neural systems operating across various timescales. The implications for responsibility and autonomy depend crucially on how these concepts are defined, highlighting the continuing need for integrative dialogue between neuroscience and philosophy in understanding the nature of human agency."],
    hints: "Analyze the current neuroscientific evidence regarding free will and its implications for our understanding of human agency, addressing how different experimental paradigms have investigated the neural basis of volition, the various interpretations of these findings, and the philosophical implications for concepts of responsibility and autonomy.",
    expectedKeywords: ["free will", "neuroscientific evidence", "human agency", "experimental paradigms", "neural basis", "volition", "interpretations", "philosophical implications", "responsibility", "autonomy", "Libet experiments", "readiness potential", "conscious awareness", "determinism", "compatibilism", "libertarian", "intentional binding", "inhibitory control", "decision-making", "moral responsibility"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that exceptional analysis of neuroscientific evidence regarding free will. Your discussion throughout this seminar has demonstrated remarkable mastery of complex neuroscientific concepts and sophisticated theoretical understanding. You've shown extraordinary ability to analyze brain-behavior relationships, evaluate competing frameworks, and articulate nuanced positions with exceptional clarity and precision. This concludes our advanced seminar on contemporary neuroscientific theories.",
      partial: "You've addressed some important aspects of neuroscientific evidence regarding free will. Could you develop your analysis further by more explicitly addressing how different experimental paradigms have investigated the neural basis of volition, the various interpretations of these findings, and the philosophical implications for concepts of responsibility and autonomy?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the current neuroscientific evidence regarding free will and its implications for our understanding of human agency, specifically addressing how different experimental paradigms have investigated the neural basis of volition, the various interpretations of these findings, and the philosophical implications for concepts of responsibility and autonomy."
    }
  }, {
    id: 6,
    botMessage: "Your analysis of free will and neuroscientific evidence shows remarkable depth. Let's explore another fascinating area: How would you evaluate current models of neuroplasticity across the lifespan and their therapeutic applications in neuromodulation? Consider both endogenous mechanisms of brain adaptation and exogenous interventions designed to harness or enhance plasticity in treating neurological and psychiatric conditions.",
    inputMode: "freeText",
    suggestions: ["Neuroplasticity—the brain's capacity to structurally and functionally reorganize in response to experience, learning, and injury—represents one of neuroscience's most transformative discoveries, fundamentally challenging early views of the adult brain as static and immutable. Current models of neuroplasticity span multiple levels of neural organization and developmental timeframes, with significant implications for therapeutic interventions across numerous conditions. Evaluating these models requires examining their explanatory power, empirical support, and translational applications in neuromodulatory approaches..."],
    hints: "Evaluate current models of neuroplasticity across the lifespan and their therapeutic applications in neuromodulation, addressing both endogenous mechanisms of brain adaptation and exogenous interventions for treating neurological and psychiatric conditions.",
    expectedKeywords: ["neuroplasticity", "critical periods", "sensitive periods", "experience-dependent", "experience-expectant", "synaptic pruning", "long-term potentiation", "long-term depression", "structural plasticity", "functional plasticity", "transcranial magnetic stimulation", "transcranial direct current stimulation", "deep brain stimulation", "stroke rehabilitation", "cognitive training", "brain-derived neurotrophic factor", "neuromodulation", "homeostatic plasticity", "metaplasticity", "cross-modal plasticity"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Your evaluation of neuroplasticity models and neuromodulation demonstrates exceptional neuroscientific understanding. Let's now explore our final topic at the intersection of neuroscience and society: How would you analyze the implications of recent advances in cognitive neuroscience for educational practices and learning environments? Consider the potential applications, limitations, and ethical considerations of applying neuroscientific findings to educational contexts.",
      partial: "You've touched on some important aspects of neuroplasticity and neuromodulation. Could you develop your evaluation further by addressing more specifically the models of neuroplasticity across the lifespan and how they inform therapeutic applications in neuromodulation for neurological and psychiatric conditions?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on evaluating current models of neuroplasticity across the lifespan and their therapeutic applications in neuromodulation, specifically considering both endogenous mechanisms of brain adaptation and exogenous interventions designed to harness or enhance plasticity in treating conditions."
    }
  }, {
    id: 7,
    botMessage: "Your evaluation of neuroplasticity models and neuromodulation demonstrates exceptional neuroscientific understanding. Let's now explore our final topic at the intersection of neuroscience and society: How would you analyze the implications of recent advances in cognitive neuroscience for educational practices and learning environments? Consider the potential applications, limitations, and ethical considerations of applying neuroscientific findings to educational contexts.",
    inputMode: "hybrid",
    suggestions: ["The application of cognitive neuroscience to educational practices—sometimes termed 'educational neuroscience' or 'mind, brain, and education'—represents a promising yet challenging interdisciplinary frontier. Recent advances in understanding the neural mechanisms underlying learning, attention, memory, and cognitive development offer potentially transformative insights for educational practices, while simultaneously raising important questions about appropriate translation and implementation. Analyzing these implications requires evaluating both the substantive contributions neuroscience can make to education and the conceptual, methodological, and ethical challenges that arise at this disciplinary intersection..."],
    hints: "Analyze the implications of recent advances in cognitive neuroscience for educational practices and learning environments, addressing potential applications, limitations, and ethical considerations of applying neuroscientific findings to educational contexts.",
    expectedKeywords: ["educational neuroscience", "mind brain education", "neuromyths", "translation gap", "executive function", "cognitive load", "attention networks", "working memory", "long-term memory", "critical periods", "spaced learning", "retrieval practice", "neuroimaging", "individual differences", "neurodiversity", "cognitive development", "socioeconomic factors", "stress effects", "sleep and learning", "evidence-based practices"],
    acceptablePhrases: ["educational neuroscience", "mind brain education", "neuromyths", "translation gap", "executive function", "cognitive load theory", "attention networks", "working memory capacity", "spaced learning", "retrieval practice", "neuroimaging applications", "individual differences", "neurodiversity", "cognitive development", "socioeconomic factors", "stress effects on learning", "sleep and learning", "evidence-based practices"],
    feedback: {
      correct: "Thank you for that exceptional analysis of cognitive neuroscience applications in education. Your discussion throughout this seminar has demonstrated remarkable mastery of complex neuroscientific concepts and sophisticated theoretical understanding. You've shown extraordinary ability to analyze brain-behavior relationships, evaluate competing frameworks, and articulate nuanced positions with exceptional clarity and precision. This concludes our advanced seminar on contemporary neuroscientific theories.",
      partial: "You've addressed some important aspects of cognitive neuroscience and education. Could you develop your analysis further by more explicitly addressing the potential applications, limitations, and ethical considerations of applying neuroscientific findings to educational contexts?",
      incorrect: "I'd like you to focus more directly on analyzing the implications of recent advances in cognitive neuroscience for educational practices and learning environments, specifically addressing the potential applications, limitations, and ethical considerations of applying neuroscientific findings to educational contexts."
    }
  }],
  completionMessage: "Congratulations! You've successfully completed the Neuroscientific Theories scenario, demonstrating exceptional mastery of complex neural concepts and communication skills. Your responses showed sophisticated understanding of brain-behavior relationships, ability to analyze multifaceted neuroscientific theories, and skill in articulating nuanced positions with remarkable precision and clarity. You effectively employed specialized neuroscientific vocabulary and complex grammatical structures appropriate for high-level academic discourse in neuroscience. This exercise showcased your ability to evaluate competing theoretical frameworks, synthesize evidence across different levels of neural organization, and communicate abstract neuroscientific principles with exceptional fluency—all essential skills for mastery-level English communication in advanced scientific contexts.",
  learningObjectives: ["Demonstrate mastery of complex neuroscientific concepts and terminology", "Analyze multifaceted brain-behavior relationships across neural levels", "Evaluate competing theoretical frameworks in neuroscience", "Articulate nuanced positions on consciousness and cognition", "Communicate abstract neuroscientific principles with exceptional clarity", "Synthesize evidence across different levels of neural organization", "Consider ethical implications of neuroscientific advances", "Structure complex neuroscientific arguments with logical progression"],
  grammar: {
    points: ["Complex sentences with multiple subordinate clauses for sophisticated scientific exposition", "Advanced conditional structures for theoretical hypotheses and experimental conditions", "Precise use of modal verbs for expressing scientific possibility and necessity", "Complex noun phrases with multiple technical modifiers", "Nuanced hedging language for appropriate scientific tentativeness", "Varied connectives for building sophisticated argumentative structures", "Appropriate use of passive voice for scientific objectivity and emphasis"]
  }
});
var _default = exports.default = neuroscientificTheories;
//# sourceMappingURL=data:application/json;charset=utf-8;base64,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